This hotel was one of the very best ones I ever stayed on The room were always clean and they did clean it while we ate our breakfast witch also were awesome with several options from an a la carte menu We had welcome drinks and the staff were always helpful When I was sick they offered free porridge to my room and they did have taxi services , they took us wherever we wanted to go I'm very glad we choosed to stay with Bisma if I ever go back to beautiful Ubud I know exactly were to stay 
Dear Nina, Thank you for your detailed and amazing summary of your recent stay with us. We are very humbled by such comments about the team, the food, the room and your entire experience at Bisma Eight. Look forward to seeing you back soon. Best wishes, Bisma Eight Management. 
The bed was so comfy, I'm currently 5 months pregnant so getting comfy can be a challenge, not in these beds though! The breakfast selection was amazing, I liked being able to squeeze my own fresh orange juice, there really was something for all breakfast tastes
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your excellent review on your recent stay with us at Radisson Blu. We are delighted that you enjoyed the beds provided and our super buffet breakfast. We look forward to welcome you back in the future. Kind regards - Martin - Reception. 
THE ENVIRONMENT IS GOOD. 
Dear Mr Zahroil Hisham, &quot; Warmest regard from Park Avenue Hotel..! Thank you for taking the time to review your stay with us. We highly appreciate your wonderful comments and glad that you had a great experience during your stay. We hope to continue being your preferred hotel in Sungai petani, Kedah and strive in delivering truly awesome service on all your future visits to Park Avenue Hotel. Looking forward to seeing you again soon.  Thank You,  The Management of Park Avenue Hotel
Staff were friendly and helpful. 
It is great to hear when we have given superior customer service. I am happy that the staff was able to show you the kind of customer service that we can provide. I will inform the staff of their superior customer service so we can continue give the kind of service that you have experienced on your recent visit.
Everything From the facilities to the service The stuff was very kind by recieving a parcel Inwas waiting for
Thank you for giving us a perfect rating and for recommending our hotel to other travelers. We are sure that all our hotel staff enjoyed meeting your needs. We let you know that we are improving our bar area in mid-February 2017 to be more complete and updated. We will have a free snack area in the bar from 12h until 23h for our guests. Hope we have the pleasure to have you again as a guest.  Best regards from Catalonia Born
very friendly Perfect located for exclusive Shopping  You can walk to the Opera! Very nice calm room . Breakfast is breath taking good Nice Place too  I Love this Hotel
Dear Marie Luise,  Thank you very much for choosing the​ Hotel Vier Jahreszeiten Kempinski Munich and for taking the time to share your highly appreciated feedback regarding your last stay with us on booking.com. We are delighted that you have enjoyed your stay with us in the heart of Munich. Please rest assured that we will share your feedback with our team as this is always a great source of motivation for us. ​We would be pleased and delighted to welcoming you back in the future and on your next trip to Munich. ​  Best regards, Monika Tritz Hotel Manager
All was beautiful
Dear Mr. Georgios, Thank you for your positive comments. We are delighted to have exceeded your expectations during your stay with us. It will be our pleasure to welcome you again and hope that your next stay will be as pleasant as the previous one. Best Regards, Bruno Debray General Manager
Hanecel good staff
Dear Ms. Leila, Thank you for your positive feedback. I will be delighted to pass on your kind compliments to Hanecel. We look forward to welcoming you again in the near future. Best Regards, Bruno Debray General Manager
Good breakfast with plenty of choice
Thank you for taking the time to tell us about your stay. We appreciate your kind comments. We hope to welcome you again soon.
Bed extra comfy
Dear Guest, Thank you so much for the wonderful review. We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay with us and hope to see you back at Max again soon. Kind regards, Max Management
The location is just perfect Staffs were so friendly and accommodated
Thank you for staying at The Mini Suites and for leaving feedback. Were very glad you enjoyed your stay. We hope to welcome you back soon!
The room was really clean and the sheets smelled really good and fresh
Thank you for staying at The Mini Suites and for leaving feedback. RWe hope to welcome you here again soon!
Excellent Customer Service Room is nice and bed is comfortable Good place to stay in Makati
Were so glad you liked The Mini Suites, Sir Paul Joseph! We are looking forward to your next stay.
Small but comfortable for one night and great value for money compared to normal prices in Makati
We are glad you were satisfied with our services and facilities at The Mini Suites! We always aim to provide promos and events for our guests. We do hope you visit us again soon.
The bed is so comfy
Thank you for your review! We recently stocked up on water kettles and are now available. Do come visit us soon!
Location, friendly staff, small but comfy room
Dear Jan, Thank you for your comments and for identifying 2 of our biggest assets; our great location and our helpful, friendly staff. Nick Phillips Guest Relations.
We stay here often, really like the location and great staff that help us
Dear Nathan, We are so grateful for you sharing your positive experience. Thank you for your continuous patronage and we look forward to your next visit. Sincerely, Alex Mihardja Operational Project Manager
Design of the room! Location is perfect and amazing breakfast was served even though i was late
Dear Liliya, Thank you so much for granting us such an amazing score on Booking.com. We here at INK Hotel Amsterdam are very happy to read that the functionality of the room and the additional services we offer were surpassing your expectations and that you enjoyed the design of our recently renovated rooms. We take pride in hearing that you loved our complete yet exclusive breakfast offerings from our &quot;PRESSROOM&quot; restaurant. We hope to welcome you back into our hotel in the near future. Kind regards, Jolanda Sadni Ziane - General Manager
smart and comfortable hotel
Dear Mehmet, My team and I are very glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us at the INK Hotel in Amsterdam and thank you so much for writing this wonderful review. I am very proud to read that our facilities enhanced your comfort and stay with us. We hope to welcome you back to INK Hotel Amsterdam in the near future. Kind regards, Jolanda Sadni Ziane – General Manager
The decor, the quirky items in the room, lovely and quiet. Very clean hotel and friendly staff
Dear Michelle, Me and the entire team of INK Hotel and Pressroom would like to thank you for giving us a perfect score on booking.com and rating us to be one of the best hotel options in Amsterdam.  We feel sincerely proud that you praise each area of your stay from our great team to the detailed design and from our in-room amenities and details to the cleanliness of the rooms! We very much appreciate it and will not fail to pass your kind words on to the staff.  We hope to welcome you back in INK hotel Amsterdam in the near future. With kind regards, Jolanda Sadni Ziane - General Manager
Excellent service
Dear Guest, Greetings from the Trident, Gurgaon. We are delighted to receive your comments about your recent stay at our hotel. I am glad that you had a comfortable stay with us.  We thank you for encouraging the staff and your words of appreciation shall definitely be shared with them.  We look forward to welcoming you back soon. Warm regards, Amitabh Rai General Manager
Location perfect
Dear Karen, Thanks for the perfect 10, were thrilled you had a super time with us, and cant wait to welcome you back again soon! Best regards, The Team
The beds are super comfortable and so is the shower which works perfectly well Also all towels are soft and comfi  Breakfast was not included but excellent
Dear Stefan, Were truly thrilled to be one of your favourite London hotels, so wonderful to hear! And we couldnt agree more about our luxuriously comfy beds which sweep you away into a cosy dreamworld. Looking forward to welcoming you back again soon. Warmest wishes, The Team
All things was so good If i go to Joburg again, that place will be my choice again
Dear Alberto Mendonca, Thank you for sharing your experience at the Radisson Blu Gautrain Hotel through Booking.com. As a VALUED CUSTOMER, we appreciate your feedback and are delighted to hear that you had a great stay. With a spirit to serve, we take great pride in not only meeting, but exceeding your expectations. Your feedback is integral to our ability to continue to improve our service. Thank you again for your time and come visit us again soon!
Location is very convenient with many restaurants nearby and the hotel staff are nice and friendly
Thank you for sharing your recent experience with us. At the Four Points by Sheraton, we appreciate your feedback, and are delighted to hear that we were able to meet and exceed your expectations. Thanks again, we look forward to welcoming you the next time you visit the area.
The staff were so accommodating and friendly, they happily offered to open the gym for me before the advertised opening hours which was really appreciated Rooms were also very quiet and well sound proofed, you couldn't hear anybody else in the hotel
Dear Cherry,  Thank you for your kind comments.  We are proud to read your comments. We are glad to learn that you had a relaxed experience and the sound proof system in your room helped to a fantastic stay.  We hope to welcome you very soon.  Warm regards,  Jaime Estellés
Staff is excellent
Dear Oguz,  Thank you for you fantastic evaluation following your recent stay with us.  We are glad to receive your comment in regards to our staff and we just hope to welcome in the very near future.  Warm regards Jaime Estellés
good breakfast n location
We are very pleased about your positive review and delighted to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us.
The wet face towel and drink at reception. Perfect
Good Afternoon Dear Mr. Condon, Greetings from all Four Points by Sheraton Barranquilla Family. It is really nice to know that you had a good experience; we are working to improve our services and make your next visit unforgettable. I hope you having a wonderful day. Best Regards, Alexandra Guevara General Manager
Nice pool and jacuzzi with good restaurants
Hi Sheena, Thank you for taking the time to post a review. We greatly appreciate your feedback about the pool and restaurants.  We look forward to welcome you back soon.  Kind regards, Sanjeev G General Manager Four Points by Sheraton Bur Dubai
You catered for all needs. Staff were very helpful and friendly. Really made us feel like home away from home.We will definitely choose this hotel again.😊
Hi Bilqees,  We are delighted to read your review and to know that that you felt at home. It is our endeavor to provide our guests with the highest levels of service and comfort to make their stay truly memorable.  We look forward to welcome you back again. Kind regards, Sanjeev G General Manager Four Points Sheraton Bur Dubai
Position, friendliness, local knowledge of staff, cosy bar
Dear Mrs. Jane, we want to thank you very much for your feedback and rating. It was a pleasure for us to welcome you as our guests in Vienna. Kind regards, Simon Edinger
Everything from the candle night dinner to the breakfast and staff were very caring and friendly
Dear Mohammed. We are so pleased to read that you had a flawless stay with us and we look forward to welcoming you back again very soon. Warm regards.
Excellent service
Thank you for your review Saba. We are so pleased that you had an excellent stay with us and look forward to welcoming you again.
good location good staff and comfy bed
Dear Khun Warankana, May we thank you for your recent stay at Le Méridien. We are delighted to know you have impressed with our convenient location as well as our signature bed. Thank you once again for sharing your inspiring experience with other travelers. We look forward to welcoming you back again soon. With best regards, Sirirat Varavudhi Online Marketing Manager
Central location close to all main attractions, restaurants, shopping areas & business center. Staff extremely courteous, breakfast good, rooms very comfortable
Dear Mr Henry, Thank you very much for the time you dedicated us to write the feedback. We are very glad to know that you have appreciated the courtesy of our staff and the amenities and facilities in our hotel. We look forward to welcome you soon at Una hotel Cusani. The staff and the management
Location is excellent
Dear Ping, Thank you for your feedback regarding your recent stay with us at Novotel Canberra. I am pleased that you have enjoyed the central location of the hotel. I will pass on your feedback to my team and we look forward to welcoming you back to Novotel Canberra again soon. Kind regards, Nathan Frost General Manager
the bed was super comfortable, parking was convenient, restaurant food was exceptional the bathroom was clean, in fact the whole room was spacious and clean
Dear Alexis, We did do as good! Thank you for your review of your recent stay with us at Novotel Canberra. I am pleased that you have enjoyed all aspects of your stay with us and I will pass on your feedback to my team. We appreciate the feedback and we look forward to welcoming you back to Novotel Canberra again soon.  Kind regards,  Nathan Frost  General Manager
Massive room, great pool
Kevin its great to read your honest feedback! We are glad that you enjoyed your big room! The pool is stellar! Definitely a fun time there! We hope to see you again soon! :)  Christopher
Very comfortable and pleasant room  Everything was clean and worked properly  Staff helpful and friendly
Thank you for staying with us! We hope you stay with us again!
Good location just in the central of the Sydney CBD and close to everything！
Dear Sang Thank you for the time taken to review our hotel. We look forward to welcoming you back to Sydney soon.  Kind regards  Simon Wanstall  Property Manager
I like the fact that it is just walking distance from Sokolniki Exhibition Center  Great view of the forest  Accessible via Metro
Dear Guest! Thank you for your feedback regarding your stay with us. It is a great pleasure to hear that you have enjoyed your stay at Holiday Inn Moscow Sokolniki and specially our location. We hope to see you soon in our hotel. Your Sincerely, Elizabeth Nenarokov Duty Manager.
Friendly hotel :)
Dear Ms. Rama,    Thank you very much for the kind review.  We are delighted to know that you had a memorable stay with us and enjoyed the overall facilities and services of our hotel.    We look forward to welcoming you again soon!                                Best Regards, Ramzy A. Faris, General Manager
Was in the centre so it was close to everything, staff were really nice and the room was comfortable
Dear Ivana, We want first of all that you know we are really pleased that you had such an excellent holiday with us at IBEROSTAR Las Letras Gran Via and we want to thank you for choosing Booking.com as your method for sharing your experience with others. Our staff will be particularly pleased by your praise, the entire team is not only particularly hospitable, but is also given continuous training in terms of service and general working practice. We are therefore very pleased that both the efforts of our employees and our passionately prepared gastronomy have left a wonderful impression on you. Thank you again for sharing your motivating comments and we look forward to your next visit to our hotel. Yours Faithfully, Quality Manager IBEROSTAR Las Letras Gran Via
Everything was great
Dear nava,  Thank you for choosing Sheraton Grande Sukhumvit, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Bangkok. I am happy to read that you enjoyed your stay with us.  With kind regards,  Richard Chapman General Manager
صراحه مكان فخم ومريح قريب من السوق تيرمنال 21 وفندق ولا اروع  Iwold like to thanks all the staaf spichaly mr roupil the maneger and cosirg mr annop and recpchin ms loucy all peopl was smiling and help you for every thing
Dear Alhawawi, Thank you for choosing Sheraton Grande Sukhumvit. The voice of customers is critical in maintaining our high standards and I am pleased to read about the positive interactions you had during your stay with us. Our biggest asset of the hotel is our people and I am happy to hear that we were able to enhance your trip and make it memorable.   We all look forward to welcoming you back. With kind regards, Richard Chapman General Manager
Location, service both great
Dear Susan, We are so pleased to read your positive experience and we look forward to your next visit. Sincerely, Alex Mihardja Operational Project Manager
Great location - close to Connaught place Good breakfast Room was clean and spacious Staff welcoming and helpful
Dear Katie, Thank you for your positive review and all the compliments. Wish to see you back again
Lovely location. Great gardens and beach
Dear Rolnald, Thank you for taking the time to give us your feedback. Best regards,  Tolga S Lacin,  General Manager
I stayed 2 nights, the first night my room was modern comfy and luxurious the second was very different with an older room and noisy radiator, was disappointed after such a positive first impression. Comfy bed, nice staff, cool decor
Dear Niamh,  Thank you very much for taking the time to post a review online! We are delighted that you had a positive experience with us initially on your recent visit.  What I can assume has happened is that you received a complimentary upgrade on your first stay and then this did not happen on the second stay. This might have impacted your expectation in regards to our room types. I will pass your positive comments to everyone involved and we hope to have the chance to welcome you back soon.  Kindest Regards,  Sean Sinclair Rooms Division Manager Trinity City Hotel
Extra comfy bed, perfect location
Dear Eleanor,  Thank you very much for your fantastic response. We are delighted that you thought so highly of your recent stay with us.  We hope to welcome you back soon!  Kindest Regards,  Sean Sinclair Rooms Division Manager Trinity City Hotel
felt very welcomed staff were extremely friendly Imet with my fiance after being a very long time apart in separate countries, they staffmemebr  upgraded our room  and even gave us a champagne  it was a very unexpected of them and we felt very warm as it was a beautiful gesture. Thank you Radisson for your amazing service
Dear Ryan,  Thank you for your great review and your positive feedback about your recent stay with us. We are delighted to see that you and your fiancé had an enjoyable reunion at Radisson on Flagstaff Gardens. Thank you for your kind words about our service and staff, and we are happy to hear you enjoyed your room and champagne, we will share your feedback with our team.  On behalf of our entire staff at Radisson we thank you for your business and we look forward to seeing you again when your travels bring you back to the area! Kind regards, Colette Tobin Director of Sales &amp; Marketing
The rooms were comfortable and clean  Housekeeping visits were discrete and professional  The staff in the restaurant were lovely and extremely attentive and professional The kids menu was great  The spa was a great treat and there was a beautiful view at night
Dear Ashleigh,  Thank you for your kind comments on Booking.com and your positive feedback about your recent stay with us. We are thrilled to hear you enjoyed your time at Radisson on Flagstaff Gardens. Thank you for taking the time to praise the genuine care and personalized services provided by our staff, and we are happy to hear you enjoyed the spa and the food in our restaurant HQs on William. We will be sure to share your feedback with our team.  On behalf of our entire staff at Radisson we thank you for your business and we look forward to seeing you again when your travels bring you back to the area! Kind regards, Colette Tobin  Director of Sales &amp; Marketing
Hotel gave me free of charge upgrade to a deluxe room which was a really nice surprise. Friendly reception and breakfast staff. Would recommend
Dear Tristan, Thank you for your feedback. We are happy that you enjoyed your stay with us. We look forward to welcoming you back soon. Regards, William Duty Manager
Staff was amazing  Facility was spotless and luxurious
Dear Don,  Thank you for your review on the Rosewood Inn of the Anasazi. I am truly delighted you enjoyed our team and that we were able to show you a luxurious experience during your stay. We look forward to welcoming you back again soon.  Warm Regards,  Stephanie White  Managing Director
Close to the Kanazawa station, fairly large quad room with four single bed, clean bathroom
Thank you very much for choosing HOTEL MYSTAYS PREMIER Kanazawa． And we appreciate you taking your time writing to us. We are so glad to hear that you have had a comfortable stay at our hotel.  We hope we can serve you again at our hotel in the future. Thank you. RecepitonEGAWA
Value for money as always... love to stay here over and over. Much thanks to the front desk guy, Fazahir, such a friendly, fast and reliable guy. Good Job
Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for choosing Mafraq Hotel for your recent stay! We are so glad you enjoyed our services and our team did an awesome job!. Surely we will inform your thoughtful message specially to Fazahir. We appreciate your recommendation and look forward to welcoming you back soon.
Thanks for the upgrade Awesome rooftop bar next door
Hi Shane, Thank you for the 10.0! Its a pleasure to receive such positive feedback. Were glad to hear that you enjoyed your upgraded room and our rooftop bar, Sixteen Antlers. Looking forward to welcoming you back to the hotel in the future. Kind regards, Alex B - Guest Relations &amp; Services Manager
Yes
Dear Guest, Many thanks for your feedback that affirms your satisfaction with us. It will be our pleasure to welcome you again in the future. Warm regards, Martin Fabiano - General Manager
The staffs are very friendly and considerate The family apartment is very suspicious for 2 couples or parents with 2 kids In the morning there was lovely sun shine and you can enjoy your cup tea next to the window The [strong]location[/strong] is the most highlight point to me, with max 10 mins walking distance to major attractions such as the bridge, square, etc There are quite a few good restaurants surrounding the apartment, and I personally like the Italian one opposite the flat the most
Dear Amanda, thanks very much for your review and nice words about us! we wish to me you once again in Happy Prague! kind regards, Antonio
Very good customer care and its location
Dear David, thank you for your review and kind compliments for our service. We are delighted you enjoyed your stay with us and sincerely thank you for your valued support. We look forward to welcoming you back to stay soon. Best regards, Ru Ng – Resident Relations Assistant Manager
Staff were exceptional especially on the executive floor, rooms very clean and comfortable, great location, fourth time staying here and have recommended to friends and family
Dear Fiona, Thank you for your great review on Booking.com. We are delighted to know that you had enjoyed our club lounge and location. Your recommendation of the hotel is much appreciated. In the meanwhile, we all look forward to serving you in the near future. Warm Regards, Delilah Hamid Guest Experience Manager
Beautiful hotel in an excellent location.  Comfortable at a reasonable price
Dear Nancy, Thank you for your excellent review on Booking.com. We are delighted to know that you had enjoyed our location and your say was comfortable. In the meanwhile, we look forward to welocming you in the near future! Warm Regards, Delilah Hamid Guest Experience Manager
Swimming pool was great, but could use a restroom there
At Red Lion inn and suites we wanted to thank you for taking the time to leave a review, we are pleased you enjoyed your stay. Thank you for the feedback as it helps us grow and improve in all aspects. We look forward to seeing you in the future.
We were celebrating our wedding at this hotel. My experience started even before we arrived, because I had to confirm all the details of the wedding ceremony - and communication was very good. Once we arrived we had a meeting with dedicated wedding coordinator to recongirm all the details. Everything went so well, I didn't have to worry about anything. Hotel is huge, has several pools, bars, restaurants, but you feel as if you are alone- this is great - very private atmosphere, you are not irritated by crowd around. 10 out of 10 And I will dream to come back for my anniversary
Dear Elena, Thank you so much for posting your review and sharing your feedback with us. I would also like to thank you most sincerely for choosing our resort for such a special occasion as your wedding. I was delighted to see from your review that everything about your entire stay met and even exceeded your expectations. Our experienced wedding coordinator ensures she is always available for our bride and groom even before arrival right up until the time of departure to assist with every detail of the big event for our wedding couples.  Thank you again for the review and I hope to welcome you back to the resort for your anniversary in the future. Kind regards, Kai Hoffmeister, General Manager
Very modern interior, friendly staff
Dear Dariusz, Thank you for your fantastic remarks! We are delighted that you enjoyed your time with us and we look forward to your return visit. With best regards, Craig General Manager Yas Island Rotana &amp; Centro Yas Island, Abu Dhabi
Very friendly staff Great breakfast selection
Thank You for selecting our hotel for your stay. We were pleased to see that you enjoyed the hotel and services. WE appreciate you and hope to welcome you back again! Sleep Inn Guest Services
Comfortable bed, looked after very well by the staff Delicious food and friendly staff
Dear Ms. Russet, Thank you for your positive comments following your stay with us. We are delighted that you were pleased with the bed comfort, food and warm hospitality. It will be our pleasure to welcome you again on your next visit. Best Regards, Bruno Debray General Manager
Every thing was good
Dear Mr. Amer, Thank you for your review and it was our pleasure that you have enjoyed your stay. Regards,
The interiors of the hotel is so classy and tasteful. The staffs are so welcoming The Spa is super nice and clean. Ms. Mildred, the Spa Supervisor and the whole spa team ,Anes, the Spa Therapist did everything to make us feel relaxed and enjoy the spa treatments. My husband and I will stay again in Warwick Hotel, Doha on our next trip. They made our 5th Year Wedding Anniversary special. Thank you so much
Dear Guest, Warm Greetings from Warwick Doha! Thank you for choosing to stay with us to celebrate your 5th Wedding Anniversary and for sharing your feedback about your experience at our Hotel. Glad to know that you enjoyed the professional service provided by our Spa Team. Thank you for recognizing and they will be more than happy to know that they contributed to make your experience memorable. We are certain that good comments and appreciation from guest like your self will motivate us to strive to be always the best. We do always look forward to a long lasting and rewarding relationship with you and to serving you again. The support we receive is highly appreciated and we look forward to your support always.  With Warm Regards, Marco Saxer  General Manager
Cleanliness and friendliness of staff
Dear Alison,  Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us.  It is wonderful to see that you had a lovely time and we hope to welcome you back soon! Kind Regards,  Paulina Wehmeyer Rooms Division Manager
Super raňajky
Vážená Viera, ďakujeme veľmi pekne za Váš pobyt v hoteli NH Bratislava Gate One. Sme veľmi radi, že sme kvalitou a širokým výberom na našom raňajkovom bufete prekonali Vaše očakávania a príjemne Vás prekvapili. Bude pre nás cťou opäť Vás u nás privítať. S pozdravom, Lenka Kalafutová Front Office Manager
Location, staff and breakfast were excellent. Stayed one night, happy with hotel facilities. Great views on rooftop and infinity pool is awesome 😊
Dear Mr. Himanshu, glad that you are happy and enjoyed the stay. Thank you and look forward for your next visit.
The Chedi is the epitome of a five star hotel. Every detail is carefully thought out and polished. The staff was extremely helpful and the room was impeccable. The breakfast buffet was delicious as well
Dear Erin Sydney, Many thanks for your kind review. We are very happy you loved your stay with us and we would love to welcome you back soon. Have a great time time and best regards from Andermatt, Jean-Yves Blatt, General Manager &amp; The Chedi Andermatt Team
Staff extremely helpful and friendly
Dear Margaret, We are thrilled to read that you enjoyed your visit to Perth and your stay with us. We strive to create seamless and memorable experiences for our guests from the point of arrival to departure, and we are pleased to hear that our associates played a significant role in enhancing your stay with their great service attitude. Thank you for taking the time to review us and we hope to welcome you back in the near future. Best Regards, John Kockan General Manager
We got upgraded for the same price which was awesome
Glad we could accommodate an upgrade during your stay Jodie! Hope to welcome you back to Rydges World Square! Kind regards John McIlwain Area General Manager
Extremely friendly staff! Very helpful and willing! Soup was offered in the lobby on a cold night and breakfast was just right
Oh Erika thank you so much for the high compliments to the staff, it truly makes their day when I share these and certainly makes me proud as a manager. I sure am glad the soup hit the spot! Mark Spring, GM
Friendly and client oriented staff always at your assistance and willing to help with your tickets for a concert or museum or city tour  In short, they will do their best to make your stay is pleasant and unforgettable
Sabina, thank you for kindly reviewing Melrose Georgetown Hotel. Our associates are always willing to go above and beyond to provide a memorable experience for our guests, and I am happy to hear that we left a lasting impression on you. We look forward to welcoming you back again when perhaps you might enjoy our signature farm-to-fork restaurant, Jardenea. Best regards, Jale Hashimi
Excellent and very friendly services, thanks to Ken, Helen and Chris at the 17/F Club Lounge
Dear Cedric, Thank you for taking the time to share your recent experience at The Kowloon Hotel. We are especially glad that you and your friends have enjoyed the extra comfort and privileges as a Club Floor Guest. We look forward to the opportunity of welcoming you back to The Kowloon Hotel in the near future. The Kowloon Hotel Management
Absolutely everything was amazing
Dear Cora Thank you so much for your lovely comments. Kind Regards Geraldine McLarnon
I liked everything in quirky boutique hotel, there are no negatives
Dear Eamonn, thank you very much for your review. We are pleased to know you enjoyed your stay with us! We hope to see you soon again! Best wishes, Guest Relations Manager
location was convenient and the staff was quite helpful
Dear Stephen, thank you very much for your lovely review. We are happy to know our team was helpful during your days in Madrid. We hope to see you soon again. Best wishes, GUest Relations Manager
The whole experience was fantastic! The staff were friendly and welcoming The room was spacious, clean and comfortable The bed was just right and the restaurant, The Nest, had scrumptious food at very reasonable prices I think we've found our hotel in Brisbane, we'll definitely be back
Dear Peta, Thank you for the great review! Our hotel is nicely situated on Roma Street at the Brisbane Transient Centre and only a short walk to Queen Street providing great convenience to places of interest and public transport for many guests.  The team and I are ecstatic to know that you liked the Hotel Jen Brisbane and I will certainly be passing on your feedback. We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back to experience more of that “Jen” feeling next time you are in Brisbane.  Have a fantastic day. Kind Regards, Zac Hope General Manager
Fraser Place gives everything a lil bit more More homey, more comfy, more chic
Dear Farrahida, many thanks for the kind words and it does matter the most as motivation and encouragement to us. We are extremely happy to know that you had a memorable stay with us and our standards have met your expectations. We do hope to welcome you again at Fraser Place Kuala Lumpur in the near future! Regards,
Svært god frokost
Hei Nils Ove,  Tusen takk for at du tar deg tid til å skrive denne positive tilbakemeldingen. Kjekt å lese at du var fornøyd med frokost, og skriv gjerne kommentaren inn på Trip Advisor, og følg oss på sosiale medier som Facebook og Instagram.  Du er velkommen tilbake.
Fantastic breakfast Nice rooms, plenty of space, view in the city and the skyline Everyone friendly, kind and helpful
Dear Ekaterini,  Warm greetings from Downtown Rotana! It is wonderful to receive detailed feedback such as yours, we are pleased we impressed you with our fantastic food offerings, well-appointed suites and hospitality of my colleagues, being happy, friendly and helpful is what we do at Downtown Rotana and knowing it directly contributes to the pleasure of someone’s stay is the greatest reward. Wed be delighted to welcome you back for another enjoyable stay and hope we can do so again soon. Regards, Patrice Cornee General Manager
Everything
Dear Guest,  Thank you so much for your perfect score review and lavish praise on your recent stay experience with us and we truly appreciate it. We are already eager to welcome you back for another remarkable Dorsett experience.  Thank you &amp; warm regards,  Christina Toh  Area General Manager
Very clean and comfort hotel , with very friendly staff especially the reception
Dear Samer, Thank you for the glowing 5 star rating, we are delighted to provide you with what you are looking for in a hotel stay.  We appreciate your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back in the not too distant future. Regards, Patrice Cornee General Manager
Fantastic place
Dear Paolo, Thank you for sharing your wonderful comment with us on Booking.com. It is good to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us! We hope to welcome you back again in the future. Warmest regards, Alexander van Gastel General Manager
Beautiful hotel, wondering through the maze of attached canal houses is a treat for the eyes Excellent location and very friendly and helpful staff
Dear irene,  With a true smile I am reading your wonderful comment.  Pulitzer Amsterdam is an unique hotel with 25 canal houses and therefore it can be a maze sometimes. The hotel is situated in the heart of the city center, perfect location to discover our historical city.  We cannot wait to welcome you back! With warm regards,  Alexander van Gastel General Manager
The apartments has three bed rooms and three  Toilets plus a big kitchen the hotel near  asupermarket ,the hotel also has Abig shalterd parking place 
Dear Waleed, Thank you so much for your kind review of our hotel. We are happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. It was indeed a pleasure to have been of service to you. Kindly be assured that your wonderful comments have been shared with the entire team. We look forward to welcoming you in our Golden Sands Hotel Apartment, your home in Dubai.  Best Regards,  Islam Bekheet  Rooms Division Manager
The bed was very comfortable
Dear Guest, Thank you for your review. We look forward to host you again when next in area. Kind Regards, Mujtaba Rehman Deputy General Manager
Booked myself a treat for some much needed me time. I slept like a baby and even though I wasn't able to squeeze in a massage I felt truly pampered after a swim and steam. Breakfast was yummy too and all the staff extra friendly
Dear Charlene, Thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay at Crowne Plaza London Docklands. I am delighted that you felt well rested after your stay with us. Our spa is very popular so I do recommend booking in advance if possible.  I hope to welcome you back in the near future and maybe then you can try the spa! Best Wishes, Kirby Robson Operations Manager
Well located newly decorated
Dear Miguel; Thank you very much for having shared such a detailed review about your recent stay with us! Our locations is definitely a great strength of the hotel, you are close to the city center. We hope to see you very soon again. Best wishes, Guest Relations Manager.
The staff was amazing, the breakfast was great
Dear Nuno;  Thank you very much for sharing your comments with other users. I am glad to see you love the hotel, specially staff and breakfast.  We hope to see you soon!  My best regards,  Guest Relations Manager
We were very impressed with the service of Leon, the front office manager. He heard that we were having a bachelorette party and upgraded us to a connecting room and prepared a cake for my friend Thanks so much for the thoughtfulness Overall the rooms were really comfortable and decor was lovely
Dear Cassandra,  Thank you for staying at The St. Regis Singapore. I am extremely delighted to hear that the bachelorette party was an amazing one, coupled with the impeccable service that was rendered by our Front Office Manager, Leon. Your kind words of appreciation have been personally conveyed to him. I hope to welcome you back soon. Yours sincerely,  Klaus Christandl  General Manager  The St. Regis Singapore
Well situated and very quiet
Dear guest Thank you for your recent review following your stay at the Glockenhof and we are looking forward to welcoming you back soon. Matthias Sutter, General Manager
staffs are friendly and willing to help, the location is great, 30 mins from airport by taxi （$20 approx） , minutes walk to orchard center, 15 mins to merlion park/marina bay sands by taxi ($10 approx）
Dear Lynnnn,  Thank you for staying at The St. Regis Singapore. I would also like to thank you for taking precious time off to leave us your generous praises; from our friendly and dedicated staff that rendered impeccable serviced standards to the exceptional location of the hotel. I certainly cannot wait to welcome you back soon. Yours sincerely,  Klaus Christandl  General Manager  The St. Regis Singapore
Good choice if you're no longer in the tourist attractions in the city center This place is nice and clean, close to metro, restaurants (local ones not those who welcomes you in the streets in multiple languages) and shopping mall 24-hour airport shuttle is across the street Talking about service and facilities, much better than a normal 4-star as it's still pretty new
Yue thank you so much, for such a great feedback. Hope to receive you soon! Lucía S.
Absolutely great value for money! You cannot wrong this hotel in anyway
Dear guest, Thank you very much for rating us. We are working hard to deliver the best service. Warm regards The Eco Inn Team
The bilingual staff at the front desk was very friendly and helpful with hard to get dinner reservations as well as arranging transportation for touring the city on our own The outdoor setting for breakfast is as beautiful as the picture
Dear Guest: thank you so much for such those lovely word about your stay and Staff. We really appreciate them very much. In NH Collection Royal Medellin we do our best to make you feel like home surrounded by an attentive service and a modern environment. Remember this is the place to be during your visit in Medellin, where you have not only the opportunity to live special moments, but to enjoy a world of option designed just thinking on your needs and expectation. We hope to have here very soon so you can enjoy the most tasty breakfast in the whole city and the advantages of our wonderful location. Welcome back, we will wait for you. Sincerely, Customer Service.
Great staffs And super clean
Dear Muneer, Thank you for sharing your perfect 10 ratings of our services and facilities! We anticipate your next visit and assure you of our great care during your stay. Sincerely, Sherif Madkour General Manager
Friendly attentive staff
Thank you for sharing your review of Coworth Park. I am delighted to note that your experience was exceptional in every way and I thank you for your kind comment regarding our team members. I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you again soon. Kind regards, Zoë Jenkins General Manager, Coworth Park, Dorchester Collection
Fabulous pool, with loads of seating available. Hammocks close to beach were a treat Bedroom really comfortable and spacious. McGettigans is next door for a drink and they have a great value Happy Hour from 5pm - 9pm
Dear Anonymous, Thank you very much for reviewing us, it is awesome to know that you had a great experience. We are all looking forward to welcoming you back. Best regards,
The hotel is very near to shopping centers and restaurants Very comfortable bed
Dear Maria Thank you for the review. We are glad you enjoyed the stay. Look forward to seeing you again soon. Cheers Simon Wanstall Property Manager
Friendly and helpful staff
Thank you Robert for sharing with us your compliments on our fantastic team. Your words of praise are a great motivation. We cannot wait to welcome you back to our world of hospitality. Yours, Thomas Guss General Manager
Water hose is not available in the bathrooms 😑
Dear Asmaeil, Your valued feedback is really helpful and important to us in delivering the utmost priority to provide our guests the highest level of quality and service. We sincerely hope to be able to welcome you back to Towers Rotana Dubai.   Best regards, Karim Nahas  General Manager Towers Rotana Dubai
Bed was comfy, breakfast was excellent
Dear Donna, It is always a pleasure for us to get nice comments and we are really happy that you appreciate our services and facilities. It is a real pleasure to have you as our guest and we thank you for having choosing us for your stay in Dubai. Sincerely, Karim Nahas General Manager Towers Rotana Dubai
1.nice location 2.nice breakfast 3.24-hours front desk and great English-speaking staffs
Thank you for your comments, We love to read that you had an excellent stay with us. Come back soon at Mexico City. Regards friend!.
nice staff, centrally located for walking and driving and parking was available
Thank you for choosing The Pacific Inn for your recent Seal Beach accommodations. We are located just a ten minute walk from Seal Beachs Main Street and the beach. We also offer a complimentary shuttle that can take a guest anywhere within five miles of our facility by reservation. We appreciate your feedback and hope to see you again soon!
The staff/Sales office was extremely helpful with a booking change, which made the stay perfect
Dear Harald, We are glad that we manage to go over and beyond your expectations. It is a pleasure to read that you had a perfect stay. Thank you very much. We hope to welcome you on your next trip to Paris. Bets regards, Guest Relation Manager
Location just iff Champs and in george V
Dear loyal Guest, We are glad that once again you have benefited from our hotel location. It is always a pleasure to welcome you. We remain at your service waiting for your next stay. Best regards, Guest Relation Manager
It's one of the best hotel, which I know
Dear Maria, Thank you for your fantastic words concerning Divani Caravel at TripAdvisor. We are very pleased that your overall stay was enjoyable and that our services have met your expectations. We hope to welcome you again.  Kind Regards
Great hotel
Thank you for reviewing us! We hope you will stay here again! Kind Regards, Thomas, Guest Service Manager
My partner and I were impressed with the facility and its location among the verdant mountains The entrance road was quite bumpy, however, check in was quick and smooth We especially enjoyed the spa services with its courteous and professional staff The spa was relaxing, clean and high end The restaurant staff were friendly and spoke very good English The music was a little too loud in the dining room, but the bar was quiet and very comfortable We loved our spacious deluxe double room Aranwa provided a comfortable and relaxing location from which to enjoy our Sacred Valley experience
Dear Edward Thank you very much for visiting us and to give us your comments on Booking.com Thank you for evaluating our property and our service. We are working on the maintenance of the road access with the local government and soon we will have a better access. Our reservation process is fast to avoid inconvenience, our Unno spa, is the largest and best medical spa in South America, good for us that you have enjoyed it. Thanks for letting know about the music in the restaurant, we fixed it. We are very happy that your experience in our hotel and in the Sacred Valley of the Incas has been excellent. See you soon. Best regards.
Incredible location nestled in the forest and on the banks of the Parana river with beautiful pools for swimming and relaxing
Dear Peter,  Thank you for choosing us during your visit to the Iguazú Falls. We are glad to read that you had a very good time in our hotel, just a little think we are located on the riverside of Iguazú River, the same of the Falls. We really hope you can visit us again. Best regards, Yohana Ceballos - Guest Service
We always stay at the Pulitzer when we visit Amsterdam and were very pleased to see it been recently redecorated The room is big spacious and bed is extra comfortable Love the new art work that's all over the hotel as well
Dear Alberto, Thank you for staying with us again! Nice to read that you were very pleased to see the hotel has recently been renovated. The renovation brought back the quintessential Dutch elegance to the hotel.  A comfortable bed is of major importance for a good rest and comfortable stay. Great that you like our new bedding as well! We hope to see you soon again. Warm regards, Alexander van Gastel General Manager
My family and I had such a wonderful stay at the Pulitzer Amsterdam Hotel  This is the Best place to stay in Amsterdam A hotel with unique history, great service and central location The stuff are extremely helpful and welcoming Especially Ms Daniela at the reception who made everything possible for me to have a memorable "birthday celebration"  I would definetely recommend this hotel for a lovely stay in Amsredam  I understand why it is listed at the "1,000 Places to See Before You Die" - Patricia Schultz
Dear Eirini, Wow, it makes me very proud to read your wonderful review. Thank you so much for sharing this with us. It is very good to learn that you and your family enjoyed your time at Pulitzer Amsterdam and that the staff was extremely helpful and welcoming.  Your positive words about our Front Desk Agent Daniela have been shared with her and she was very happy to hear this! Thank you for recommending us and we cannot wait to welcome you and your family back in the future. Warm regards, Alexander van Gastel General Manager
Excellent experience
Dear Roy, Thank you for your great review, we are glad to hear that you had a pleasant stay with us and you enjoyed the hotel facilities and service. Looking forward to welcoming you back soon!  With kind regards, Sheraton Sharjah Team.
Friendly staff, charming interior, and clean room! I booked my next stay in Munich at this hotel
Dear Toshiko, thank you very much for your fantastic review. We are very pleased to read your overall positive feedback about our team, our interior and the cleanliness of our rooms. It is a pleasure to welcome you back soon. Kind regards from Munich Matthias Knappe Director of Sales
staff was courteous, specially Bell boy Abdullah was very helpful and proactive
Dear Ishtiaq, Thank you for choosing Golden Sands and thank you for giving us a positive rating. It is pleasure to know that you liked the staff hospitality and our hotel. We are sure our entire hotel staff enjoyed catering to your needs as much as you enjoyed your stay with us. We will inform the person you highlight about your positive comment and your gratefulness. We look forward to welcoming you once more in our Golden Sands Hotel Apartments, your home in Dubai.  Best Regards,  Islam Bekheet  Rooms Division Manager
Loved the buffet breakfast and the attentive and friendly service
Dear Penelope, Thank you very much your kind review on Booking.com. We are very happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay and appreciated the services we delivered to you. We will be delighted to welcome you again! Kind Regards, Hotel Management
The staff was very hospitable and willing to help The hotel is conveniently  located and it has very good facilities which made me enjoy a comfortable stay
Dear Michalis, Thank you for your rave review, im really happy to read that you had a wonderful stay in our hotel and would also like to thank for mentioning our staff who ever very hospitable through out your whole stay in our hotel,this is always been our aim to make every guests that walks into our hotel doors as welcoming and comfortable as possible. im happy to read that you will highly recommend our hotel . We do hope to welcome to our hotel in the future. The Caesar Team
clean and comfy
Dear Ron, Thank you for choosing the Hilton London Tower Bridge whilst staying in London and thank you for sharing your observations via Booking.com I was happy to read that you have enjoyed all aspects of your stay with us and you found our property in a perfect location to most of London attractions. I am looking forward to welcome you back in the nearest future and please do not hesitate to recommend us to your friends and family. Kindest regards, Anna PA to General Manager
The staff is very friendly and they're always ready to help you
Dear Michael, Thank you verry much for your kind words. I will make sure the staff will hear about all the kind words you wrote. We hope that if travels brings you back to Amsterdam, you visit us again Thank you for staying with us. Kind regards, Klein Team Hotel Roemer
Staff were so nice and friendly from the security guards to the front desk,housekeeping ,fitness center and even at the parkingWe we're given an upgrade of the room as we were chosen to be the customer of the day and that as really amazing,,we will definitely go back
Thank you for your excellent rating and for taking the time to share a review here in booking.com. We appreciate that you took the time to commend our service and our associates and glad that you have enjoyed the upgrade and recognition. Thank you for your support and we look forward to welcome you back. Sincerely, The Management
The convenience to the Airport after a long flight Quiet rooms for sleeping
We truly appreciate your high recommendation of our hotel to others - thank you. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back again soon! Warm regards, Patrick Gosselin General Manager
Staff were good and helpful. Good place for airport
Dear Donald, Thank you for your review! I am happy that you have enjoyed your stay with us due to our helpful staff. We hope to see you soon. Kind Regards Curtis Goodwin Food &amp; Beverage Manager
Friendly staff Very helpful Apartment exceeded our expectations
Dear Elizabeth, Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon. Sincerely, Vijay - Front Office Manager
Everything was brilliant Staying in January, prices were much more reasonable than I am sure it would be in the height of summer but I would stay here again in a heartbeat The staff were lovely and went out of their way to help me, breakfast was delicious with an extensive selection, spa and pool facilities were great (I even indulged in a massage at the weekend) and the location was great
Dear Hannah, What a fantastic review! Thank you for taking the time to compliment the resort facilities and staff; your positive remarks about the breakfast and service are truly highly valued. I assure you, your comment &quot;Everything was brilliant&quot; has put a smile on all our faces. On behalf of the team and management, it would be a pleasure to welcome you again in the future; perhaps for another pampering session from our most wonderful spa team.  Wishing you all the best, Chryso Petropoullaki Guest Relations Officer
Lovely spacious rooms
Dear Valerie , Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with me . I was delighted to see you rated the hotel so highly and we look forward to welcoming you back very soon . Kind regards, Kevin Gaffney Assistant guest relations manager
Great place, nice facilities 
Dear Rahul,  many thanks for staying with us and sharing your amazing review on booking.com Please come back again soon, all of us are looking forward to welcoming you again.  Kindest regards,  Gisbert J. Kern - General Manager
had a lovely stay, really relaxed and great facility
Hi Sinead, Thank you for your review and kind words. Hope you consider staying with ourselves next time you are in the city. Kind Regards, Bríd, Guest Relations
Location was goodstaff very friendly and helpful
Dear June: Thanks for posting your comment. Nothing satisfies us more than having been able to provide you with a perfect stay. We hope you come back soon to visit us. Yours sincerely, Fernando Arévalo Director Bel Art
Great hotel for the price It's a little old style with room entry from the outside but still a comfortable room
Dear Richard,  Thank you for taking time to tell us about your stay at our location. We are happy to see that you liked our hotel, prices and you were comfortable here. We look forward to seeing you again.
Great location
Dear Vera, Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to review your visit. It was our pleasure to have you as our guest.  We are very pleased that you enjoyed our services and the central location of the hotel.  We hope to see you soon again and that our services will ensure another rewarding and enjoyable visit with us.  With best Regards Christina Bonertz General Manager
The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful
Dear Christina, I am glad you enjoyed your weekend stay at our hotel! See you soon! - Veronika Tatarkova, Front Office Manager
very very fantastic hotel. really amazing place. its like a dream
Dear Valuable Guest, I would like to thank you for taking the time to complete Booking.com online guest questionnaire regarding your recent stay at Pera Palace Hotel Jumeirah. Our guest feedback is critical to our continual improvement activities, assisting us to be able to deliver the exceptional service Pera Palace Hotel Jumeirah is renowned for and exceed your expectations for future visits. I am delighted to learn that your overall stay was enjoyable and we were able to create an ultimate experience for you. I have conveyed your compliments to all the staff members and they are certainly pleased to see that their efforts are so well appreciated. Once again, I thank you for taking time to provide us with feedback about your visit in Pera Palace Hotel Jumeirah.  I hope that you will be able to visit the hotel again in the near future. Kind regards Murat Eti Executive Assistant Manager
It was all fine
Dear guest, Thank you very much for your positive feedback. It was our pleasure to have you as our guest and we are looking forward to welcoming you again in the future. Peter Berhörster, General Manager Maritim Hotel Frankfurt
I booked a room for an overnight stay with a friend including a breakfast buffet and I swear this place is worth every riyal you pay Lovely and very efficient service staff (the guest relation manager even gave me a call the night before we check in to ask if I have extra requests, if I need this or that,etc) HUGE fancy room (I'm in love with the bathroom ), great amenities, affordable restaurants (ok a little bit pricey but I mean the servings come in large portions and so delish), the entire place is immaculately clean, and it's as if you are not in Doha this place takes you away from the hustle and bustle of city life. At one point I even thought I'm back in my home country  This island has got a wellness center, diving center, bowling alley, tennis court, golf course, a cinema, several restaurants, regular pools, surf pool, private villas and rooms on stilts (which is off limits to other guests unless you are staying in that part of the island. it is in fact guarded). You can also rent a bike to go around the island although there are golf carts that can take you around for free. You just have to ask from the reception desk.  and oh One thing I find quite unique about this resort is that instead of giving you a refreshing towel when you arrive, they pour rose water on your hands awesome And yeah they even handed guests with a gift - assorted sweets in the island's signature yellow box  this place? I'm coming back soon for sure
Dear Maria, Warm greetings from Banana Island Resort and thank you for sharing your experiences with us and the entire Booking com community! The entire team and I are happy to read that you had a marvellous holiday on our magical island. It is an absolute pleasure to know that we have succeeded in achieving our main goal of turning guest expectations into emotional and unforgettable experiences. We look forward to welcome you again soon. Thank you for choosing Banana Island Resort Doha by Anantara. Sincerely,  Thomas Fehlbier General Manager Banana Island Resort Doha by Anantara
The Brunch was excellent and nothing was too much trouble for the staff
Dear Simon, Thank you for your feedback and for taking the time to tell us about your positive experience and the service meet your expectations. We are delighted to know that you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to your next stay! Please “Like” us on Social media to stay informed of our upcoming news, events and promotions. looking forward to welcome you soon. kind regards: Maryam Al Maskati - Marketing Executive
All good for me
Dear Mr. Nicolas, Thank you for taking the time to write your review of our property.  Your feedback is extremely valuable to us. We work very hard to ensure our services and facilities meet our guests’ expectations, and are proud to read that in your case, we managed to do so. We continue to be committed to provide you and all our guests with the highest standard of hospitality service.  We look forward to welcoming you again at Samaya Hotel Deira.  Best Regards,  Samaya hotel management
Very clean rooms and staff was very friendly
Thank you for the wonderful review of our hotel and the staff. I am happy to hear that you had a great stay and found the hotel clean and the staff attentive.  I look forward to having you stay with us again next time you are in Twin Falls. Curtis Hansen General Manager
Great staff, comfortable rooms, nice gym, and fantastic location.   Everyone was very eager to help and I was well taken care of.  Love the spicy sweet peanuts too
Thank you very much for your kind review. We are always looking to improve. Our creative team looks forward to the opportunity to serve you again!
Wonderful stay, close to tekseem square and
Dear MR.Majed,Thank you for taking the time to leave a review of Titanic City Taksim.I am glad to see that you enjoyed your stay.We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back soon.Yours Sincerely,Suat Mazmancı Guest Relations Executive
Excellent front office staff
Dear Marnix, thank you very much for taking your time to review your recent stay in The Ring Hotel Vienna. We are delighted to read such a pleasant review about our Hotel and our team members. We will definitely share your comments with all of them and we hope you enjoyed Vienna together with our hospitality. We are looking forward to welcome you and your wife in The Ring in the near future. Dank u wel en tot ziens. With warm regards from Vienna, Martin Kural - Ass. Front Office Manager
Perfect location for a mum/daughter shopping and birthday celebration
Dear Wilhelmina, Very pleased to read that our location is perfect for your Mum &amp; Daughters shopping and birthday celebration. We hope to see you again soon. Sincerely, Alex Mihardja Operational Project Manager
Excellent place to relax, close to everything and the breakfast buffet was amazing
Dear Anthony, We are very pleased to read that you enjoyed all aspects of your stay with us. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future. Sincerely, Alex Mihardja Operational Project Manager
Very friendly staff, answered all questions that we had
Thank you for your feedback! We are pleased you had a positive stay with us and look forward to seeing you again soon!
Well priced hotel conveniently located near the airport Check in staff were professional and efficient Clean and comfortable basic hotel room Restaurant in walking distance and lots of options for food delivery also
Thank you for you feedback. I am glad to hear that my staff was professional and efficient on gettiing checked in. I glad your enjoyed your room and it was comfortable.
Location very close to the airport
Thank you so much for your valuable feedback. We are delighted to know that you had a pleasant stay. Looking forward to welcome you again during your next visit, hopefully for a longer duration.
Very nice decor and location
Dear Mr. Hassan, Thank you for choosing NH Collection Gran Hotel Calderón in your recent visit to Barcelona and for taking the time to provide us with feedback. It is a great pleasure to know that you enjoyed your stay with us and we look forward to welcome you back. Best Regards, Carlos Salomón General Manager  NH Collection Gran Hotel Calderón
The decor is very modern, and the rooms are very spacious The beds are extremely comfortable The fitness center is small but adequate, with modern equipment The breakfast offering is superb - there are plenty of options The hotel is very well kept and extremely clean The staff is very welcoming and friendly
Dear Ms. Amanda, Thank you for choosing NH Collection Gran Hotel Calderón in your recent visit to Barcelona and for taking the time to provide us with feedback. Thank yoy for your kind words about the hotel and the staff. It is a great pleasure to know that you enjoyed your stay with us and we look forward to welcome you back. Best Regards, Carlos Salomón General Manager  NH Collection Gran Hotel Calderón
Was only using the room whilst waiting to catch an early morning flight to London So I did not get to really use the bed except to rest For that purpose bed was very comfortable
Thank you for sharing your comments about the hotel. We are pleased to know that you enjoyed your stay. Our mattresses have the Posture Springing System, which is made of one continuous coil to give an interlinked system so our body’s weight is spread throughout the mattress which makes one of the most preferred choices by our guests for a great night’s sleep. We look forward to welcome you again during your next visit, hopefully for a longer duration of time.
There is a small opening window It was great not having to use the air conditioning
Hi Jackie thank you for your feedback the team and I look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel in the near future. Kind Regards, James Billing
Convenience and breakfast was included
Thank you Michaela for your kind comments the team and I look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel in the near future. Kind Regards, James Billing
Very comfortable accommodation,friendly staff Love staying here
Great review Karen. See you on your next stay.
A true classic legend of more than 100 years absolute luxury and service. Thanks to Adriana at english bar
Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We are happy to read that you appreciate our hotel which is, indeed, an iconic edifice of the city and preserves such a beautiful historic heritage. Moreover, we thank you for your wonderful comments regarding our service options, and the friendliness of our team members, such as Adriana in the English Bar. We are looking forward to welcoming you again. Kind regards, Freek Valk, Director of Operations
Don't know what they were
Thank you for the great rating Renee. It seems that you had a great visit and I appreciate you choosing us for your stay! I hope to have you back with us again soon. Cheers! Shannon
Room Service was awesome
Thanks for the great review, EE. Glad to see rooms service was great and you had a great weekend in SD! Come back and see us anytime. Justin- AGM
I love the good service and very welcoming staff! Also the hotel looks very good now after the renovation !! :)
Dear Mette, Thank you for posting your review following your visit to the Grand Hotel and we are glad that we succeeded in providing your stay that left you truly satisfied. We look forward to welcoming you back again as our guest on your next visit to Oslo. Kind regards, Espen H. Social Media Coordinator.
Personal
Dear Rikard, Thank you for posting your review following your visit to the Grand Hotel and we are glad that we succeeded in providing your stay that left you truly satisfied. We look forward to welcoming you back again as our guest on your next visit to Oslo. Kind regards, Espen H. Social Media Coordinator.
Bed, Pillow, Blankets are extremely comfort and keep you warm in winter. Good location
Dear Shuin Chiang, Thank you for sharing your comments and we are pleased to know that you had an enjoyable stay at the Grand Hotel. We hope to see you again soon. Kind regards, Espen H Social Media Coordinator.
The service Was vert good
Dear Monica, Thank you for posting your review following your visit to the Grand Hotel and we are glad that we succeeded in providing your stay that left you truly satisfied. We look forward to welcoming you back again as our guest on your next visit to Oslo. Kind regards, Espen H. Social Media Coordinator.
Veldig god seng
Kjære Tommy. Takk for at du tar deg tid til å gi oss en tilbakemelding i forbindelse med ditt opphold hos oss. Det er så fantastisk og se at du har hatt det bra, og at du syns sengen var topp.  Hjertelig velkommen skal du være ved neste besøk til Oslo. Med vennlig hilsen, Espen H. Social Media Coordinator.
Breakfast fantastic Pool nice setting
Hi Sari, greetings from sunny Seminyak! Thank your for sharing your stay experience with us. we look forward to welcoming you back at our resort, hopefully soon! - Tri Widiyastuti, Marketing Communications Manager at Courtyard by Marriott Bali Seminyak Resort
All staff were very helpful. The entire hotel was clean
Dear Mr. Salah, Greetings from Al Khoory Hotel Apartments - Al Barsha! Thank you for staying with us. I am delighted to hear you were very pleased with your experience and thank you for taking the time sharing it. I am pleased to hear you enjoyed the clean facilities of the hotel and and that our associates were friendly and helpful. This is an affirmation and encouragement for us to continue in giving our best service to our valued guests like you. Once again, Thank you for staying with us and look forward to welcoming you back soon.  Kind Regards, Graham Jeff Isaacs Hotel Manager
First holiday in Europe and it set the bar for my next stay, breakfast was amazing, staff are helpful. gallery was interesting
Dear Rhyms, Thank you to take your time rating us. we do appreciate your comment.  We hope to see you again in Amsterdam Warm regards, artotel Amsterdam team
good location, good hardware
Dear Xiaolei, Thank you for sharing your experience. We are happy to read that you enjoyed your stay with us. We hope to see you again soon. Best regards, team artotel amsterdam
Rooms were beautiful bed was sooooo comfortable & the pool was lovely
Delighted to read your review Greig, great to note you enjoyed the bed, so important when away from home! Look forward to welcoming you back and if I can be of any help, please let me know. Regards, Sholto Smith, General Manager
Everything is fine
Dear Kristiina, Thank you for sharing your experience with us! I am happy that you found PK Ilmarine a comfortable hotel and were satisfied with everything. I do hope you will visit PK Ilmarine again! With warm wishes, Mariana Tomel Front Office Manager
Edgar at the front desk was very accommodating and attended to our every need! A+
Dear guest, Thank you very much for taking the time to post a review about Hilton Cartagena! We are pleased to note that you had a great stay with us and enjoyed the hospitality of our team members specially Egdar, I will personally share your comments to the front desk team; your comments encourage and motivate us to serve our guests better every day! We look forward to seeing you again in the near future and serve you once again. Sincerely, Vinod Agarwal – General Manager.
The quality of feed served to the rooms from hotel resturant
Dear Guest, Thank you very much for taking the time to share your views about the stay with us and we are happy that the stay was comfortable and we hope to see you again in the near future.  Thanks and warm regards Nicola Hochgruber General Manager
Great service
Dear Guest, Thank you very much for enjoying our great service and we look forward to your next visit.  Sincerely, Nicola Hochgruber General Manager
Everything is perfect Good location, great survive, everything is clean and neat
Thank you, we appreciate it!  Thank you,  Ann Meelker Director of Sales Lord Elgin Hotel
beds were super comfy! location is great
Hi Marissa, thanks for the amazing review! Were so excited you loved your suite, especially the comfortable bed! After a long day and night of entertainment, its nice to come back to a cozy and modern suite. Thanks again for the review, and all of us at Hard Rock Hotel San Diego hope you come back soon! James G., Manager
Very friendly staff We had 7 rooms and they tried hard to get is all in close proximity even though rooms were booked at different times
Dear guest, many thanks for your kind feedback, we are really happy to learn that you have enjoyed your stay at our hotel. Please be advised that we will pass on your nice comments to the staff. We are looking forward to welcoming you again in the future, Kind regards.
The staff were very welcoming and very professional,room service was really efficient my overall stay was brilliant I would recommend this lovely hotel to everyone travelling to Dublin
Dear Guest, Thank you for your complimentary review! It is a great pleasure to see that you rate your experience at our hotel so highly. Your feedback is important to us and I will gladly share it with the team. They will be delighted to read your comments. We hope to get the opportunity to welcome you back in near future! Best Wishes  Brian Erb  Deputy General Manager
Very good, the hotel was immaculate and the staff extremely helpful
Good day Gillian,  Thank you for posting your review, we truly value and appreciate this. we are delighted that you enjoyed your stay with us and hope you will afford us the opportunity in the not too distant future to welcome you back Kind regards Dudu Zondo Front Office Manager
sleep in hotels many nights a year but this is a hotel that is in my top 10 A hotel to recommend and one I will return
Dear Guest,  Thank you for sharing your great feedback regarding your recent stay at Clayton Hotel Cardiff Lane. I am delighted that you enjoyed your stay with us.  I hope to welcome you back again to Clayton Hotel Cardiff Lane in the near future.  Best Wishes  Brian Erb  Deputy General Manager
Good value for money [strong]Breakfast[/strong] is excellent, choise enough It is the only hotel with a 24 hrs gym I have been so far There is not much to complain to be honest
Dear Mark Van Hoven, thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon. Regards,
super!!1
Dear Anette, We would like to thank You for the taking the time to complete the review! We are happy You have appreciated the locoation and the atmosphere of The Yard . Kind REgards Marco
very accessible
Thank you for your feedback and for taking the time to tell us about your positive experience. We are delighted to know that you that you had an excellent stay with us.Your feedback is highly valued and it would be our pleasure to have your experience shared with other guests who are looking into coming to Cebu through different guest review platforms such as TripAdvisor. We look forward to your next visit here in the hotel. Sincerely, Laurent Boisdron  General Manager
Great accommodatiom and affordable
Warm Greetings from Red Planet Hotel Jose Andy, It makes us happy to know that you had a wonderful stay with us. Rest assured that we would exceed and create more memorable experience on your next stay. We shall cascade to our team your valuable comments.  Your patronage and loyalty are very important to us. We hope to see you at Red Planet Hotel again.
Location and cleanliness
Warm Greetings from Red Planet Hotel Ms. Icanne, Thank you so much for posting a review. It is very gratifying to know that our efforts to give the best service possible has been appreciated. More than ever we look forward to your next visit.
Comfortable,Clean and Very good wifi connection! 😊
Warm Greetings from Red Planet Hotel Ms. Scarlet Blaire, Thank you for posting a review!  We are happy to note that you like the cleanliness of our hotel and you are satisfied wour internet connection. It is very gratifying to know that our efforts to give the best service possible has been appreciated. More than ever we look forward to your next visit.
I like this place because it's very convenient and easy access to my office. The comfy bed helps me to have a good rest. Air conditioning is really good and you will surely love the ambiance when you are inside the room. The lighting is also nice for taking selfies. LOLS :)
Warm Greetings from Red Planet Hotel Mr. Jhet Tiad, Thank you so much for posting a review. It is very gratifying to know that our efforts to give the best service possible has been appreciated. More than ever we look forward to your 2017 visit.
I was very satisfied with my stay I was staying at a local AirBnB before checking in which happened to be more expensive and a lot less comfortable After finding this place, I quickly checked out of the AirBnB and checked into Red Planet Prior to doing so, I read a lot of the reviews, hoping I knew what I was going to expect I saw some reviews stating the staff was not professional The hotel responded to these comments saying they would look into it, and I assume they did because the staff was lovely during my stay! The place was under construction, which didn't bother me, and o was informed of prior to staying, but it would have been nice if there was a place to sit and read a book or use a laptop The only place to do this was on the red benches which weren't comfortable The room itself was cozy and comfortable Keep in mind, it is tiny There is not closet, rather a bar to hang clothes and a table that folds down from the wall to put clothes This was slightly inconvenient but once I unpacked and put my suitcase away, it wasn't an issue If you're traveling with a lot of bags, you may have a space problem Apart from the size the room was perfect Very comfortable bed with clean sheets and new clean towels everyday The bathroom was great and the shower was so good I ended up taking about three showers a day, just because it was so lovely The security was good, they helped me with my luggage when leaving and always held the door open I recommend buying big water bottles in the local 7-11 and storing them in your room My other recommendation is to put the shower mat to the side of the shower entrance, as opposed to in front of it, since water seeps onto the floor and soaks the towel - It dries rather quickly though I wasn't too happy with the attached restaurant, they always seemed to be out of stock from of the few meal choices I wanted to try and they weren't accommodating when I asked to substitute sides
Warm Greetings from Red Planet Hotel Mr. Samuel, Thank you so much for posting a review. It is very gratifying to know that our efforts to give the best service possible has been appreciated. We are so delighted that you love our high power shower which make your stay even more exciting. We will cascade your valuable comment to the attached restaurant and this will be taken care of. I am happy that our staff made your stay even more pleasant. More than ever we look forward to your 2017 visit.
The room is clean
Warm Greeting from Red Planet Hotel Ms. Romariza, Thank you so much for posting a review. It is very gratifying to know that our efforts to give the best service possible has been appreciated. More than ever we look forward to your 2017 visit.
Exceptional hotel in every aspect
Dear Stephen, Thank you for staying with us and taking the time to share your positive feedback. We are so pleased to hear that you enjoyed your experience with us and hope we can welcome you back again! Ivana Cessante Front Office Supervisor-The Henry An Autograph Collection Hotel
A fantastic hotel in a real convenient area of the city Only a short walk from the main train station Close enough to the shops and restaurants yet far enough away that it's quiet Very close to the river too if you fancy a nice walk to burn off all those great German cakes and beers The staff are extremely friendly and accommodating I've stayed here on numerous occasions when visiting events at the conference centre (again only a short walk up the road) The rooms are very clean and contemporary and all the extras that you'd expect included I would certainly recommend and stay here again
Dear Clarkieb,  many thanks for staying with us and sharing your great rating and recommendation on booking.com.  We love to hear that youve already stayed with us serveral times and that you enjoyed this stay as well. Your compliments are a great motivation to all of the team and we promise you to carry on like this. Please do come again soon, all of us are looking forward to being your hosts again.  Kindest regards,  Gisbert J. Kern - General Manager
Everything's good here
Dear Yuanyuan, many thanks for staying with us and sharing your amazing rating on booking.com.  We love to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. Please come back again, we are all looking forward to welcoming you again. Kindest regards,  Gisbert J. Kern - General Manager
The location was fabulous as the hotel is actually in the airport We booked the Sleep, Park and Fly package which was $265 for one night stay with 7 days of covered self-parking nearby Being older without the energy of younger people, we enjoyed being able to park the night of our arrival, then check out the next morning and walk just a few feet to the airline desks We fly non-rev (standby) with flight benefits from our son's job, so we are never sure if we will get on a flight The hotel staff were all so helpful and encouraging When we had to stay another night, they gave us the same room and some in and out parking tickets so we could go to a restaurant and a few places in fun Grapevine while we waited until the next afternoon to depart We decided to extend our visit with a new granddaughter in Frankfurt, Germany and the hotel staff said we could conveniently leave our car in the parking area for any additional nights at $2495, which was the airport price for that nearby parking place All in all, this is a great package in a fabulously luxuriant hotel with a cloud-soft bed and towels and friendly, professional staff We will be staying here again
Dear Carolina Moon,  many thanks for taking the time to describe and rate your experieneces.  Your review is a pleasure to read and really amazing, even so I assume that a different hotel is meant therewith: the Wyndham Grand Frankfurt is centrally located in Frankfurt within walking distance to the main train station but not to the airport. Nevertheless we are delighted to hear that you enjoyed a great stay in Frankfurt. We too would love to welcome you at our hotel. Kindest regards,  Gisbert J. Kern - General Manager.
Very warm welcome, early check in Comfortable and clean room Staff was very helpful
Dear Catalin,  many thansk for staying with us and sharing your great review on booking.com.  We love to hear your compliments to our staff - very warm welcome and very helpful. This is a great motivationto all of the team. Please come back again soon, all of us are looking forward to being your hosts again. Kindest regards,  Gisbert J. Kern - General Manager
Strong Wi-Fi, courteous staff, nice breakfast. Close to river so allows for a nice walk Many Halal restaurants near by (walking distance) so that was convenient for me.  Close to main station
Dear Mahmoud,  many thanks for staying with us and sharing your compliments on booking.com. We love to hear that you enjoyed a very nice stay.  Please come back again soon, we are all looking forward to welcoming you again. Kindest regards,  Gisbert J. Kern - General Manager
Very trendy and modern hotel The bar and breakfast is very good The restaurant is ok
Dear Robin, many thanks for staying with us and sharing your review on booking.com.  We are delighted to hear that your compliment as &quot;very trendy and modern hotel&quot;. Please come back again soon, we are looking forward to welcoming you again. Kindest regards,  Gisbert J. Kern - General Manager
amazing view from the room
Dear Matteo We first would like to thank you for making our Barceló Raval your preferred choice for your holidays in Barcelona.  Again we thank you for this wonderful review, it has been a pleasure for us to read and we look forward to serving you again soon
Breakfast
It was nice to learn that you enjoy our newly AMAYA Food and Gallery.
We liked everything about the hotel
Dear Ashley,  Thank you for taking the time to comment on your stay at Park Grand London Paddington.  We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay and we look forward to having the pleasure of welcoming you back again in the future.  Kind Regards,  Sofia Gomes
The staff at the Hyatt was by far the most generous, helpful group of individuals I have ever had the pleasure of meeting on my visits to NY. Wonderful
Dear Jean, Thank you for providing us with your review of your recent stay with us. We are very pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to welcoming you again! Kind Regards,
Perfect location, next to the train station and 3 mins to shops.  Very friendly an helpful staff, definitely recommend
Dear Anne,  Thanks for reviewing your recent stay with us! Im delighted you enjoyed your stay and i will pass on your compliments to the team.  I do hope we get the chance to welcome you back in the near future.  Kind Regards,  Jason Court  Guest Relations &amp; Quality Manager
Bed and menu of pillows Room in continental breakfast Champagne upon checking in and during continental breakfast
Thank you for choosing The French Quarter Inn while visiting our beautiful and historic city! Im delighted to learn you were pleased with our many amenities including our pillow menu, daily receptions and luxurious rooms. I hope you will visit us again and soon!  Warm regards - Brent Gresham General Manager
Great location, clean and modern.  Good Value
Dear Susan, Thank you for taking the time to write an online review for Booking.com after your stay at our hotel.  We are more than happy to see that our hotel met your expectations and that you enjoyed your visit.  We hope to also have the pleasure of hosting you during your next stay in Munich!! Your InterCityHotel Munich Team
The location is great, close to a couple of big and fancy shopping mall The room has everything, never be not enough We'd like to go back and stay the hotel
Dear &quot;AM&quot;, Heartfelt thanks for choosing to stay at Conrad Hong Kong. We are glad to learn that youd love our ideal location and room amenities. We wish to welcome you again in the near future. Best Regards, Thomas Hoeborn, General Manager Conrad Hong Kong
Modern and comfortable rooms. The breakfast was great
Thanks a lot Askjerry, it has been a pleasure to have you here. We hope to receive you again soon! Best wishes, Lucía S.
Everything in this hotel is great. I would definitely stay here again next time I'm in kanazawa
Thank you very much for choosing HOTEL MYSTAYS PREMIER Kanazawa． And we appreciate you taking your time writing to us. We are so glad to hear that you have had a comfortable stay at our hotel.  We hope we can serve you again at our hotel in the future. Thank you. ReceptionEGAWA
Quite close to the train station and there is an underground passage nearby to the train station
Dear guest, Thank you for your staying with us. We are very grateful for your kind comments.  Every staff member at our hotel will strive to provide good service to our guests. Thank you so much. Reception EGAWA
Perfekt
Kära Milan, Tack för att du bor hos oss, hoppas vi ses snart igen! Med vänliga hälsningar, One Luxury Suites.
Staff were amazing, friendly and helpful  Great SPA facilities
Dear Arkadas Kilic, Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. Your feedback is valuable to us as we constantly look to improve our delivery and to always provide you with the best possible service. Therefore I am delighted that you enjoyed your overall experience. On behalf of everyone at The Montcalm, I hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back soon. Kind regards, Adella Makdessi Guest Experience Manager
I booked this for my daughter for her birthday and she loved it. Her room was upgraded and she had a lovely welcome, all in all a great success
Dear Olivia, Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. Your feedback is valuable to us as we constantly look to improve our delivery and to always provide you with the best possible service. Therefore I am delighted that you enjoyed your overall experience and that we were able to make your daughters birthday so special. On behalf of everyone at The Montcalm, I hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back soon. Kind regards, Adella Makdessi Guest Experience Manager
Great spacious room with an amazing view over the city and the park Also loved the great rooftop bar with its spectacular view
Dear khun Guest,  So-wasdee ka from SO Sofitel Bangkok!  Thank you kindly for staying with us and providing us the valuable opportunity to serve you. We are delighted to see you having a memorable experience with us, and that your feedback is SO positive. Once again, thank you for devoting your precious time to send us feedback.  SO kind regards,  Akira Yan-Ubol Petit  Guest Experience Director
Free sweets in the foyer
Dear John, thank you for your nice review. We hope you appreciated all the comfort and service we offer. Do not hesitate to come back .Kind regards. Grégory, Guests Relations Department
Outstanding Customer service This is the second time I have stayed at the property and both times were excellent and very memorable
Dear Amy, Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon. Sincerely, Aurelia Vivas Rooms Division Manager
Nice atmosphere  Very welcoming
Dear Lena, Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon. Sincerely, Aurelia Vivas Rooms Division Manager
The Maitre 'D at the restaurant for breakfast was so lovely Staff helpful, lovely room and great location right next to Metro and walking distance to major sites
Dear Lee L, thank you for posting your excellent evaluation. We really appreciate it! We were pleased to satisfy, and we hope you had a great time in the city of love. Looking forward to your next visit. Best regards .Grégory, Guests Relations Department
I've been to Munich 5 times, and I've just stumbled upon this lovely Hotel Excelsior The hotel has a lovely decor, but what makes them extra special is their staff, and their extra impressive services This is where you'll find true Bavarian hospitality Once you've stayed here, you wouldn't want to stay anywhere else
Dear Sirada, Thank you very much for this great recommendation of our Hotel Excelsior. We are very happy to see how satisfied you’ve been with your stay, from the décor to the service and especially with our staff. We hope your travels bring you back to us to Munich soon.  Kindest regards, Isabelle Hein (Quality Manager) and the entire team of the Hotel Excelsior
It was a wonderful experience from the time we walked into the hotel until we left   The location, staff, bedroom and  breakfast were all excellent   We enjoyed it so much we are planning our next trip
Dear Marie Louise, Many thanks for choosing us for your recent stay and for sharing your comments. I am immensely pleased to learn of your thorough satisfaction in regards to our location, our team, your room and breakfast. I look forward to welcoming you back again soon. Best regards, Dale MacPhee General Manager
Fab bed Good breakfast Very clean 100m from station Quiet
Thank you for taking your precious time to review your recent stay with us. It is a pleasure to receive your fantastic feedback, we are delighted to read your wonderful comments. We are perfectly located a 1-minute walk from Paddington train and tube station, this modern hotel is a 17-minute walk from Hyde Park, and 3 miles from both the British Museum and the Natural History Museum. We also have convenient access to Gatwick via Gatwick express, as you found.  I am delighted you would return to stay with us again, we look forward to welcoming you back in the very near future. Kind regards, Sonya Young Operations Director
great staff
Dear Khalid, Thank you for choosing to stay with us and for writing a comment regarding your experience. We are very thankful for your positive comments towards our team member’s service. We feel truly blessed with a team of hospitable, action-oriented team members, who are the key to the success of your stay. Your kind words have been shared with the team to continue displaying this great service focus. We do our best to serve our clients and to make their stays enjoyable and memorable, and we are very happy you have enjoyed yours with us. We look forward to welcoming you back to Hilton Al Ain.  Kind regards, Jacques Claudel - General Manager.
The suite (upgrade) was the right size We were a block from the water The bed was very comfortable and the steam shower was amazing
Thank you, Elizabeth, for the positive feedback. So happy to hear how much you enjoyed your stay with us. We hope youll be back again in the future. Sincerely, Terrence Underwood, General Manager
The hotel has excellent breakfast  Wifi everywhere free of codes etc !!!  Friendly & prompt staff Good location easy access to metro
Dear CHRISTINA, Many thanks for taking the time to review your stay at the Radisson Blu Royal Hotel, Brussels. It is a great pleasure to read that you would recommend our establishment. I am very glad you liked our “friendly and prompt” staff as well as our Super Breakfast and our Free &amp; Unlimited Wi-Fi. Indeed our hotel is centrally located in the heart of Brussels, being just a few minutes walking distance from the famous Grand Place, the Bourse or even the Royal Galleries St Hubert where are the best restaurants and chocolatiers the town has to offers.  I look forward to welcoming you back soon! Best regards, Gaston Gellens, General Manager
Room , pools n beach ,foods ,
Dear Abdulla, Thank you for taking the time to give us your feedback. Best regards,  Tolga S Lacin,  General Manager
Staff very friendly and helpful Rooms/suites are clean, spacious, comfortable
Thank you so much for your kind words! We are very fortunate to have such a fantastic staff that truly cares about every single one of our guests! So thank you for taking the time to give them a shout out! We hope that you will come back and see us again in the future! Best Regards, Kathryn Castro, Assistant GM
Excellent location, friendly staff and although an odd characteristic on which to comment, the smell inside the hotel was fantastic
Dear Chris, It was great to read such positive a feedback like yours and I thank you for that. We have a passion for all of our guests and cannot help indulging them. Our utmost reward is to hear our guests satisfaction. This is the reason why my team and I were so happy to read your kind words. We all look forward to your next visit. Best regards, Mr. Gianluca Tintori General Manager
location of hotel bed was very comfortable staff were very friendly
Thank you Nicola for your review.  Tina W  General Manager
The staff were consistently welcoming, happy, helpful and polite I had very little time due to work commitments - NH staff made my short stay as comfortable, positive and homely as possible, which is much appreciated when arriving late after a long day [strong]Breakfast[/strong] was fantastic - with a wide range of choice (including niche products like almond milk, which I find hard to find at other hotels)! [strong]Location[/strong] is fantastic - very central Would highly recommend
Dear Muirinn,  It is very good to hear that you had a pleasant stay with us. Read your touchful words made our day.  We hope we are luck enough to welcome you again very soon.  Best Regards,  Lilian Ferrer  Guest Relations Manager
Staff great
Dear Mr Alaradi, Thank you for your great review. We hope to see you back again soon. Kind Regards Allison Mitchell General Manager
Large room, excellent breakfast, great location, nice staff
Dear Perchi, thank you very much for taking your time to provide feedback. We are happy to hear you had a great stay at our property. The NH Wien City is centrally located on Mariahilfer Straße, one of Europes largest shopping streets. In the surrounding area you will find many local designer boutiques, trendy bars and restaurants. After a short walk you reach grand sights like Naschmarkt, Museumsquartier and Hofburg. The spacious rooms invite to unwind after a long day and are all equipped with our custom made NH Sleep beds, rain effect showerheads in the bathtubs and 42&quot; flatscreen TV.  After a good night sleep, the rich breakfast buffet with a big selection of fresh and local produce waits for you.  Each and every team member is passionate about being a host and will reassure to make your citytrip most memorable.  Hopefully we have the chance to welcome you back in the near future. Best wishes, Christian Rothbauer General Manager
The hotel is very tidy, easy to reach by metro, in the centre of Vienna's shopping life, which was especially important) The breakfast was brilliant, I especially liked the variety of viennoiserie, jams, smoothies, cheese and the impeccable frothy melange! An electric teapot was a great advantage One more important thing - it was really quiet, no noise heard either from neighbours or from outside
Dear SenberLex, thank you very much for taking your time to provide feedback. We are happy to hear you had a lovely stay at our property. The NH Wien City is centrally located on Mariahilfer Straße, one of Europes largest shopping streets. In the surrounding area you will find many local designer boutiques, trendy bars and restaurants. After a short walk you reach grand sights like Naschmarkt, Museumsquartier and Hofburg. The quiet and spacious rooms invite to unwind after a long day and are all equipped with our custom made NH Sleep beds, rain effect showerheads in the bathtubs and 42&quot; flatscreen TV. Moreover you will find in all rooms a kettle with a selection of tea and coffee.  After a good night sleep, the rich breakfast buffet with a big selection of fresh and local produce waits for you. Egg dishes are custom made, just the way you like it. Each and every team member is passionate about being a host and will reassure to make your citytrip most memorable.  Hopefully we have the chance to welcome you back in the near future. Best wishes, Christian Rothbauer General Manager
High quality, great rooms and excellent breakfast
Thank you for your positive feedback!
Location, staff roof top bar and pool - fab
Thank you for your comments. Unfortunately, i believe theres a mistake, because we dont dispose of roof bar or pool, maybe youre referring to Ayre Hotel Rosellón, so anyway we are delighted! Greetings, E. García - Community Manager - Ayre Hotel Caspe
Standing in the shower, was like standing under a waterfall! The wifi was fast the length of my stay
Dear Daniel James,  Thank you for your excellent review. I truly appreciate your kind words and will definitely share this with my team. I look forward to welcoming you again at Makati Shangri-La, Manila. Sincerely, Alain Borgers, Area Manager General Manager
The overall experience is what you expect from the hotel and didn't disappoint, amazing and friendly staff, look forward to staying again soon
Dear Islam, Thank you for your excellent review during your stay at Makati Shangri-La, Manila. I’m glad that your overall experience met your expectations. I truly appreciate your kind words and will definitely share your commendations with my team. This is an affirmation and encouragement for us to continue in giving our best service to you, our valued guest. It is our pleasure to have you and I look forward to welcome you again at Makati Shangri-La, Manila. Sincerely, Alain Borgers, Area Manager General Manager
The staff are some of the nicest I've met in a hotel It was my Birthday and I hadn't mentioned it, on check in they noticed from my passport and wished me a Happy Birthday After a day sight seeing we came back to a bottle of bubbly in the room A very unexpected and  lovely surprise As a treat we booked in for a massage Although busy they moved things around and were very accommodating and friendly The concierge insured we were on time for everything getting us taxis and helping us navigate The hotel made us feel very at home  The pool is lovely for relaxing but to align expectations it's not the size for Olympic swimming 😉 The location is perfect for sight seeing and in a lovely area Wifi is fast and available throughout the building  I would definitely recommend staying here and would happily stay again
Dear Guest, First of all I would like to wish you on behalf of the entire Novotel Bucarest Team, Happy Birthday! We are delighted to read that you spent a quality birthday in our beautiful hotel and city and we do hope to have the privilege to welcoming you back soon. Kind regards, Madalina Stan Quality and Training Executive Novotel Bucarest City Centre
Everyting
Dear Guest, Thank you for staying with us during your trip to Bucharest and for your excellent review. We are proud to read that we were able to meet your entire expectations and that you spent a quality time at Novotel Bucarest City Centre. Thank you for sharing your experience with Booking.com travelers and we hope to have the pleasure to welcoming you back soon. Kind regards, Madalina Stan Quality and Training Executive Novotel Bucarest City Centre
Very clean, nice design, great location, helpful staff
Dear Kamil, we are delighted to see you were enjoying your stay at our Hotel, room, breakfast, location and our service! We really appreciate feedback like yours as it lets us know that we are doing our job right. We hope you are able to return and enjoy stay with us once again. We invite you in the future!
Location  Parking  Breakfast  Staff
Dear Guest Thank you for your patronage and we appreciate that you are sharing your experience with us. The comfort of our Guests is the cornerstone of our establishment. It is encouraging to know that you enjoyed your stay with us and, are especially appreciative of the service, facilities and amenities. We look forward to welcoming you back and to the opportunity of serving you again! Kind Regards, Guest Relations Team
Amazing views! Beautiful hotel with convenient location close to a mall w movie theater and many dining options Such a great value for the quality
hello Sr. Adan, thank you so much for the time you took to evaluate us, every comment from our guests are very important to us so we can improve day by day, we hope to see you back soon Cristina Lugo Flores Guest Relations HOTEL NH COLLECTION GUADALAJARA PROVIDENCIA
Location and Comfort of bed
Dear Nasr, Thank you very much for this great review.  We are extremely happy to read that you enjoyed your stay and our facilities and that you met the outstanding service our Colleagues are known for. We look forward to welcoming you again soon. Kind regards, Hotel Manager
The courteousness of the owner and staff  The gardens are are great place to relax
Thank you for your kidn review.
The bed was extra comfy, the room spotless, the food excellent and the staff a credit to your company
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your excellent review on your recent stay with us at Radisson Blu Belfast. I am delighted you enjoyed your room and especially of staff, I will be sure to pass this feedback on to them. We look forward to welcome you back in the future. Kind regards - Martin
Good comfy hotel and nice location
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your excellent review on your recent stay with us at Radisson Blu. We look forward to welcome you back in the future. Kind regards - Martin
The hotel offered a free late checkout on sunday (up until 1500), which was much needed and a 24hr bar Hotel is a short walk from the train station Lovely bar area and rooms were clean and comfortable
Dear Lucy, Thank you for taking the time to share your experience of your stay with us here at pentahotel Ipswich. It was really good to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us, the team and I are always thankful of hearing that we have got things right! I hope that we will see you back again soon! Very best regards Janine
From the moment we arrived until we departed we were pleased with the level of service that we have come to expect from the Belmond chain. Our room was upgraded upon arrival and the attention to detail at all levels of service and amenities provided were appreciated. The view of the city from our room was amazing. We loved the historic setting, including the attached chapel. Breakfast was just right and the waitstaff appropriately attentive and friendly. We especial treasured a pre-dinner coffee in the of the bar's massive fireplace. Will stay here again when we return to Cusco
Dear Mr Edward, Thank you very much for sharing your experience with us. It was a pleasure to have you at Belmond Hotel Monasterio. We sincerely hope to welcoming you back soon! Kind regards Arturo Schwarz General Manager
Quiet and clean room - great decoration
Dear Mr. Aberdonian, Thank you very much for your comments made following your visit in our hotel Ibis Gare du Nord. It is always a pleasure to receive a positive feedback, as we always strive to offer our guests the best services possible in order to have a pleasant stay. Many thanks for your feedback and we welcome you again in our hotel. Best regards, Mihaela Selaru  Front Office Manager  Ibis Gare du Nord Bucharest
The room was updated and very clean The staff was friendly and extremely helpful
Dear MDGirl,   Every parent deserves the occasional escape and we are delighted that you and yours allowed yourselves the opportunity to be spoiled in our urban oasis, perhaps even with a visit to Argentta, our in-house spa. We thank you for the wonderful comments, and we invite you to visit again one day soon. Warm Regards,   The Watergate Hotel
This hotel is excellence I love the automatic opening doors when you first walk in! I recommend getting a suite with a fireplace! Can't wait to stay there again
Hello Hello JJ Jones, Thank a lot for staying with us and for sharing your experience with Booking.com community ! Also, thank you for giving us 10 out of 10 ! We are looking forward to your next visit and please reach out to us should you need anything prior or during your stay. Best and cheers, Aleksandar M.
The staff was incredibly friendly & helpful throughout our stay They were even polite when they called with a noise complaint about our room (which was justified) Breakfast food and service were great at the restaurant downstairs I really enjoyed the artwork and overall feel of the hotel I would definitely recommend to others and stay again myself
Thank you for your feedback! Were so happy you decided to stay with us and glad you enjoyed breakfast at Spoke &amp; Steele. We hope to see you back soon!
the hotel is on the opposite side of Mosque, good location to view the Mosque. All staff is very friendly. they will smile and greeting when you passby. The checkin and out is very quickly. Our room have a balcony and can see the mosque at the riverside.Room is spacial, the bed is comfortable.I love the Arabic style decoration.There is little canal and souk.you can look around when idle.Especially praise Ms. Juan, she is very kind, and also from China. It's great we can communicate with mother language in the Chinese new year abroad
Dear haigang,  Thank you for sharing your wonderful review of your recent stay in Shangri-la Qaryat Al Beri. We feel honored that you chose to celebrate Chinese New Year with us!新年快乐，快乐每一天! Your compliments on Ms Juan have been well received and will be forwarded.  Our property prides itself with offering a traditional and luxurious Arabian experience, while it intertwines with our humble Asian roots of Shangri-la.  It was our greatest pleasure to take care of you. In the name of the entire team, we hope to welcome you back in the near future,  Yours, Thomas Guss General Manager
Easy to park car, great location, great atmosphere in and around bar area in the evening
Dear Guest Thank you for your review of the hotel, I am pleased you enjoyed your stay and the atmosphere in the bar and I hope you come bac to stay with us again in the near future. Kind Regards Gemma Berry Operations Manager
great Breakfast
Dear Guest Thank you for your review of the hotel, I am pleased you enjoyed your stay and enjoyed your breakfast. I hope you come back to stay with us again soon. Kind Regards Gemma Berry Operations Manager
Nice hotel adjacent to the shopping galaria and 10 minutes to the airport
Dear Mr. Mohammed,  Thank you for choosing Sheraton Istanbul Atakoy Hotel and taking time to share your valued thoughts with us. We are glad to hear that you enjoyed the location of our hotel. We hope to have you back soon! Kindest Regards, Guest Relations - Pelin
Service, comfort, security protocols I have never experience, I accidentally left inside de safety boox some valuables at the point of check out, I recovered everything no problem, even though it was hours latter we discover the my mistake, thanks Don Diego
Dear Traveler. Thank you for your comment and for choosing our hotel. We are happy that you enjoyed your stay and hope to have you again as a guest in our hotel.
The staff were very nice and would go out of their way to serve you The staff were trained well
Dear Daniel, Thank you for highlighting the good service you have received at Quest Cebu. Our service is from the heart and thus your kind words mean a lot to us. We look forward to your next visit!
Staff is very friendly and helpful Very clean, quiet and confortable
Dear Ms. Catherine, It was our pleasure to provide you with our brand of service and the highest standard of luxury living. We look forward to your next visit at Makati Diamond Residences.
one of my favourite hotel in Dubai
Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for staying at The Carlton Palace Hotel. I would like to offer our gratitude for your kind ratings with regards to your stay with us.  We certainly cannot wait to welcome you back soon. Yours sincerely, Mr. Hosni Abdelhadi Group Managing Director, Carlton Hotels
machiatti (?) down the road!!!!!! great
Dear Craig Thank you for the time taken to review our lovely hotel. We look forward to welcoming you back to Sydney soon.  Kind regards  Simon Wanstall  Property Manager
Convenient to the airport (5 min) , shuttle bus every hour; good rooms, very quiet and very friendly staff Great value for money
Dear Mark, thank you very much for your wonderful feedback. We are delighted to hear that you enjoyed our hotel and the services delivered by our colleagues. We look forward to welcoming you back at our hotel soon again. Best regards, Fercan Baskan General Manager
Staff were really friendly and helpful We had dinner out, but breakfast was fabulous and loads of choice
Dear Nicholas, thank you very much for your kind words. We are delighted to read you have enjoyed the breakfast as well as the staff. Best regards, Veronika Tatarkova, Front Office Manager
Very helpful and knowledgeable staff   Thank you Roman and Garbiel!  Also great location--center of town, easy walk to old town sites, restaurants and ATM
Dear Pia, Thank you for your wonderful review, I am so pleased to hear that you enjoyed visiting the hotel and I will personally share your kind comments with the team! Kind regards, Veronika Tatarkova, Front Office Manager
Friendly staff
Dear Maria, Thank you very much for your recent visit at the Mövenpick Hotel Berlin. We highly appreciate that you took precious time to let us know that you were satisfied with our staff. Your appreciation has been passed on to our employees and we can assure you that your comments will definitely be an inspiration to our team to continue their efforts. We hope to welcome you soon again. Best wishes, Evelyn Koziarski Guest Relations Supervisor
Excellent location; easily accessible by car from A14 and A1 - no need to brave Cambridge's one way system/ ring road Ample free parking; pleasant 15 mike stroll to central Cambridge and on bus route with services every few minutes Especially convenient for Fitzwilliam,  Girton, Murray Edwards and Churchill Colleges In room tea and coffee making facilities of a high quality, including coffee bags and fresh milk White company barhroom products Tranquil setting Friendly staff
Thank you for taking the time and trouble to review your stay with us and offer so many top tips for getting around for future visitors. So pleased that you enjoyed the real coffee and fresh milk in your bedroom. We hope to welcome you back on a future occasion - there is always more to Cambridge than meets the eye at first glance and given our position not from the M11 we make a great base for a visit to IWM Duxford.
Everything was excellent. Staff extremely friendly and service-orientated. Wish we could get the same everywhere
Dear Beatrice, Dear Guest, Thank you very much for your response following your most recent stay to Sofitel Paris Le Faubourg. We are glad that you enjoyed the location of the hotel and your stay. We will be pleased of welcoming you back in the near futur. Sincerely, Marine Honvault Guest Relations
Lovely room with a comfortable bed
Thanks Stephen.
2nd time stay. Quick and friendly service. Modern rooms with very comfy bed. Fantastic [strong]location[/strong]
Thanks Troy
The bed was very comfortable  Staff was great
Thanks Wanda
The bed was awesome, we had dinner at Hawksworth restaurant and it was delicious.  All the hotel staff were very helpful and friendly
Dear Donna, Thank you for taking the time to share your review of Rosewood Hotel Georgia. We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed your weekend getaway with us and that you had a restful sleep in our beds. Our team is always delighted to hear that they were able to assist throughout your stay, and I have passed on your kind comments to the team at Hawksworth Restaurant. We look forward to welcoming you back for another meal and overnight stay in the nearest future. Sincerely, Ahmed Al Bik Hotel Manager
Very welcoming staff
Dear John, Thank you for your review on Booking.com. We are pleased to read that you enjoyed your stay, and we already look forward to see you again. Kind regards, Claudia de Rooij
Staff was great and room spacious
Dear Kenneth, thank you for choosing Island Shangri-La, Hong Kong. It will be our pleasure to offer you another delightful stay on your next visit.  Best regards, Franz Donhauser, General Manager
staff were very helpful, friendly and offered to bring complimentary drinks to our room as it was my husbands birthday without me having to ask! so lovely
We are really happy that we were able to make this an extra special stay for your husbands birthday. We will hopefully have the chance to welcome you back again soon
Service, breakfast
Dear Krisalex, thank you for sharing your review about your recent stay at Golden Tulip Vivaldi. I am happy to acknowledge this positive score, meaning you appreciated our product and service. I see you particularly enjoyed our breakfast buffet and our team members service. This kind of feedback is the best reward for our continuous efforts to provide our guests with a memorable experience in our hotel. Let me thank you again for your preference, in the hope that you will visit us again. Kindest regards, Debora Brignani - Guest Relations Officer
As usually, it is one of the most beautiful and confortable four star hotel in Malta
Dear Riccardo, thank you for your outstanding review! It is a real pleasure to know that once more you enjoyed your stay at Golden Tulip Vivaldi! We are overjoyed to know you chose our hotel again and that we could deliver an excellent service as we aspire to do. Let me thank you again for your trust and preference. Warm regards, Debora Brignani – Guest Relations Officer
Comfortable, clean rooms, great location and brilliant choice at breakfast The staff were helpful and pleasant
Dear Guest, thank you for your nice review. We are happy you enjoyed the holiday and hope to welcome you soon agian. Kind regards, Nina Ferdova, Guest relations
The [strong]location[/strong] is great, the room was beautiful and quiet, with interesting furnishings The [strong]breakfast[/strong] was just excellent My dear friend and I had a great stay, and didn't want to leave
Dear Mr. Scotty Thank you so much for your comments and to take the time to qualify our Hotel. It is a pleasure to know that you enjoy your stay and you loved our delicious breakfast. We hope see you again soon. Sincerely, Adriana M. Pinilla C. Front Desk Manager Atton Bogota 93 Hotel
We arrived at midnight and stayed for a one night stay. The staff were super helpful, the check-in guy gave us a high floor room so the noise of the maintenance will not bother us. We didn't hear a thing and we also asked for late check-out and it was given to us with no problem. The cafe downstairs food is excellent, highly recommend it
Dear Nada, Thank you for sharing your pleasant experience in Al Maha Arjaan, Abu Dhabi! The positive comments regarding our colleagues helpful service and your recommendation of our restaurant, Cafe 302 are truly appreciated and shared with the team as motivation to continue providing excellent guest services. Meantime, we definitely look forward to welcome you back on your next visit! Sincerely, Sherif Madkour General Manager
Amazing customer service
Dear Guest, We are pleased to know you were satisfied with our services at Al Maha Arjaan, Abu Dhabi! Thank you for sharing a very motivating comment which has been shared with the team to continue to inspire our colleagues in providing excellent guest services. We definitely look forward to welcome you back in Al Maha Arjaan! Sincerely, Sherif Madkour General Manager
The location is superb for our needs right on the doorstep is everything we wanted we have stayed in this hotel on numerous occasions the staff are very friendly & helpful just to name two members of staff who stood out in the executive lounge were Loretta& naiomi very friendly & very professional
Dear Roopinder Thank you for your perfect score.I am pleased to note that our services and facilities were to your satisfaction. Your positive feedback about our hotel is deeply appreciated and have been communicated to all the members of my team. I once again thank you for your valuable comments and look forward to the pleasure of your continued visits and assure you of the best in service and hospitality at The Cumberland Hotel in London. Kind Regards Guest relations Team
I felt like a princess, will definitely stay again
Dear Wendy Thank you for your perfect score, we cannot wait to welcome you back to The Cumberland. Best regards Guest Relations Team
Interior design of the hotel is excellent
Dear Monika:  Thanks for your time and comments. This is your home too!! Warm regards.  Valentin Canseco Ventas.
Genuinely first class Could not fault the hotel in any category
Dear Ben, Thank you very much for such a nice feedback. Kind regards Lukasz Domaszczynski Front Office Manager
The bed was very comfortable and the staff was fantastic
I am happy you were able to enjoy the comfort of our beds and our newly remodeled rooms. The designers took special time and care to make sure our new furnishings and style as well as the design of our guest rooms and interior space conveyed a since of regional identity and promotes guest comfort and a welcoming functional facility for greeting our guest.Thank you for your kind and generous survey about our hotel. It is wonderful to know we had lived up to your standards and expectations. It is always great to know when we have done our job in giving superior customer service. With taking your time filling out the survey, I will most definitely inform my employees how wonderful they are as a team.
Fantastic bed, room, and staff, great location
Dear Mr. Dejan, We would like to thank you for so many reasons, for having chosen us for your recent stay in Barcelona; for your rating 9.6!! and for such a wonderful feedback. We are so glad to know that you have found our bed, room, staff and location up to your expectations. Please Mr. Dejan, do not hesitate to choose our property if you visit Barcelona in the future. We would like to welcome you once again and exceed you expectations from previous stay. Kind regards. David Rodríguez - Experience Department.
Very nice updated rooms Also very clean rooms The staff was friendly and helpful  Excellent breakfast selections
Dear Diane,  Thank you for taking time out of your day to rate your stay at the Ramada ABQ Airport location. The staff and I are pleased to hear that you liked our newly renovated rooms, clean location, friendly staff and large breakfast selections. We look forward to seeing you again sometime.
Very nice team Perfect service
Dear Hendel , We thank you for your very kind review on Rosa Grand Milano – Starhotels Collezione. It is an enormous pleasure to know that you choose to stay with us, always resulting in an enjoyable stay. We are located in the heart of Milan which makes it extremely convenient for our guest to explore the city. Equipped with excellent facilities and great team work from all our staffs we are devoted to deliver quality service to our valued guest. We are look forward to having you back at Rosa Grand Milano soon. With best regards from all of us, The Hotel Management
The bath
Hi Abbey, thanks for the great rating and for choosing to stay with us recently. Regards, Graeme
ROOMS WERE 5 STAR
Dear Keith Many thanks for the comments
Really extraordinary cute design,  all the small things, tableware, furniture are made in one Alpin stile Delicious breakfast! Quite street what is rare for Hauptbahnhof district
Dear Anastasia, thank you very much for your great feedback regarding your recent stay in the Hotel Cocoon Hauptbahnhof. What a pleasure to read that you had such an enjoayable stay with us. Hope to see you again soon! Best regards from Munich Matthias Knappe Director of Sales
Great location. We did not use the restaurant, nor breakfast nor any of the leisure facilities. No time really. Very large, tastefully decorated clean bedroom. Hotel staff checked us in 2 hours early & allowed us 1 hour later departure. Will visit again
Dear Martin, Thank you very much for the comments you have published on Booking.com following your recent stay at the Thon Hotel Bristol Stephanie. It is always a pleasure for us to receive such positive comments from our guests. Looking forward to the pleasure of welcoming you back in the near future, we remain, Yours Sincerely, Christine Lear – Delord Personal Assistant to the Area Director
Fantastic selection of food available with themed nights some nights Entertainment every night was brilliant especially ABBA
Dear guest, We are very happy to see that you enjoyed your holidays with us on Lanzarote. We appreciate the time you took to give your opinion and thank you for the awesome evaluation of our service  We would be delighted to welcome you back in the near future. Kind regards, R.S
Room was fantastic, the staff very courteous, helpful and professional  The room had a full bedroom, 1 and 1/2 baths, large living area with 2 sofas, a kitchenette with a microwave and a washer/dryer.  Well maintained and kept spotless by the housekeeping staff.  It was as quiet as a mouse All this for less than $100/night
Dear Valued Al Manzel Guest; Mr. Jonathan, thank you very much for your kind review and your stay with us at Al Manzel Hotel Apartments. Special thanks for mentioning the product, comfort and the value. We are sincerely looking forward to seeing you back again soon in our hotel, truly yours, Tunay Dogan - General Manager - Al Manzel Hotel Apartments
Location was excellent, staff very attentive and we were lucky enough to get a room with a balcony
Dear guest, We love your review! We want to thank you about having metionned our location and the staff. We are happy to know that you had a very nice experience in our apartments and we hope to see you soon again! Best regards, Eric Vokel team
Location, design, staff friendliness, clean, comfort Boutique hotel with great facilities
Dear Mr. Waleed, thank you for your visit! see you soon. Manuel  Front Office Manager
The staff were excellent!!and so attentive and friendly and helpful! The beds and showers were fab and service wirh a smile. It was so accessible to the city with the train right outside the door and all the help from the conseirge  overall we had a wonderful stay
Dear &quot;Marie&quot;, Thank you so much for this excellent rating of your recent stay with us. Your recommendation is a great appreciation for us and we will pass your compliments to our staff. Hopefully, you will visit us soon again. With best regards,  Torsten K. Schulze  General Manager
Excellent staff, several good restaurants nearby, subway very close and excellent room
Dear Ronald, It has been very kind of you, that you took the time to let us know about your amazing experience! It is a pleasure for us to know that our customers feel comfortable and glad with our facilities and services because this is our main goal, and we all thank you for appreciate the hard work that all our team do every day. We look forward to receive your visit soon and we remain at your disposal. Kind regards, E- Guest Experience
airport transfer
Thank you for sharing your feedback with us regarding your stay. We are pleased to know that you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to welcome you again.
People was so nice, breakfast amazing. Great location
Dear Claudia; Thank you very much for your review! It is a pleasure to know yuo enjoyed your stay with us and that our team has taken a good care of you. Best regards!  Guest Relations Manager
Best services When I changed my room from double to single, the hotel room services department transferred everything into my new room, even include ice cream I forgot
Thank you for staying at Mitsui Garden Hotel Kyoto Shijo. We are delighted to hear we could be your help to stay in Kyoto with comfort. We understand sometimes it can be quite difficult to enjoy oneself when it is abroad. Thus we would like to do whatever we can for our guests to enjoy this beautiful city at its best. We hope you enjoyed the whole experience including your ice cream. Thank you again for your kind comment and we hope you will call at us when you come back to Kyoto. Front Office Manager
The staff was helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. Happy hour was an unexpected surprise
Thank you so much for your kind words! We are so happy that you found the room to be clean and comfortable. I am also very pleased to hear that you were able to enjoy our happy hour! It is just a small way we get to say thank you. We hope to see you again in the future! Best Regards, Kathryn Castro, Assistant GM
Staff were excellent, friendly and efficient and very helpful. Room was exactly as described and very comfortable. Rare find in the room temperature control worked perfectly - cool and warm. Great walk in shower too
Dear Joanna, Youve hit the nail on the head: our founder wanted &quot;hotels as theatre&quot;! And were also located right in the middle of Londons buzzing West End. Were delighted to know you enjoyed our stylish, luxurious bedrooms and our friendly attentive service, and we cant wait to welcome you back again soon. Warmest wishes, The Team
Everything
Dear Mr. Lawrence, Thank you for your preference and for your kind comments.  The new Alpinus Hotel Management will do everything to continue improving our services.  We look forward to welcoming you again on your next trip to the Algarve.  Best regards  António Franco - Deputy Manager
The decor and theme of the hotel. The Ocean Beach club on the palm was exceptional. The Staff at concierge was really helpful
Dear Kabir,  Thank you for sharing your feedback following your stay at Mövenpick Hotel Ibn Battuta Gate.  I was pleased to read that you had such an enjoyable stay with us, highlighting in particular, the hotel architecture, the facilities at our Private Beach Club as well as the level of service extended by our Concierge Team. Please rest assured I will extend your wonderful comments to the rest of the team and I am sure they will certainly appreciate your feedback as much as I do. Once again, thank you very much for your feedback and we look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel soon. Best regards, Paul Papanicolaou Interim General Manager
Great location, close to most of the old city attractions  Very comfortable room, a lot of space and cool facilities Staff was very nice, helpful and friendly
Dear Yotam, Thank you for your review and for sharing your recent experience at Radisson Blu Style Hotel. We love feedback and are pleased to hear that you enjoyed your time with us, as our facilities and our friendly service.  Thank you once again for given us such a great review. The entire hotel team is looking forward to welcoming you back soon! With kind regards, Your Radisson Blu Style team
good position, quiet hotel and the bus station for the airport in front of the reception
Dear Adiphone,  Thank you for taking Your time to Write this positive feedback. This is much appreciated, and I am so glad to read about Your postive experience of the hotel and its location. You can also follow us on social media such as Facebook and Instagram, and if you also could leave this comment on Trip Advisor.  You are much welcome back here in the future.  Best regards Guest Relation
Very clean hotel and bed so comfortable and staff so friendly
Dear Yvonne, Thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay with us. We greatly appreciate your 1010 score and positive comments regarding the hotel, bed and the friendliness of our team. We do hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back to the Park Inn by Radisson, Belfast, in the not too distant future. Kind regards, Caitlin (Front Office Supervisor)
Staff Friendly, Cleanliness, Location
Thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay with us. We greatly appreciate your 1010 score and positive comments regarding the hotels location, cleanliness and friendliness of our team. We look forward to welcoming you back to the Park Inn by Radisson, Belfast on your next visit. Kind regards, Caitlin (Front Office Supervisor)
Every thing
Dear Farraj, Thank you for your kind word of appreciation regarding your experience at the Radisson Blu Portman Hotel. It is a joy to read that you were delighted in all areas of the hotel with service and facilities which all excited your expectations. We are most grateful for your feedback and we are looking forward to welcoming you back for another pleasant stay in the future. Warm regards, Valeria - Guest Relations Coordinator
Every thing was perfect
Dear valued guest, Thank you for choosing Crowne Plaza Al Khobar for your recent stay in CITY. We have read your comments about the hotel and we greatly appreciate that you took the time to write them, as our guests’ satisfaction is our main priority. A positive guest experience is something our staff takes great pride in, so we value your feedback.  We hope you will visit us again here in Crowne Plaza Al Khobar.  Sincerely, Jean Bou Mansour General Manager
Everything
Dear Guest, I am greatly appreciative of your perfect score review on your recent stay experience with us, which I look forward to share with all our colleagues as it will certainly motivate them to the highest level.  I hope your the remarkable experience on this occasion will bring you back here for another exceptional stay. Thank you &amp; warm regards, Christina Toh Area General Manager
Restaurant on second floor was very good and room was large and very clean
Dear Roy,  It is wonderful to receive feedback such as yours, the same will be shared to our team at Flavours on 2, I am sure they will be thrilled.  We aim to provide our guests with what they are looking for in a hotel stay and we are glad that our well-appointed suites reached your expectation.  Thank you for the perfect rating, we look forward to welcoming you back soon.  Regards, Patrice Cornee General Manager
Bed is comfortable and room is clean and quiet
Dear yiyingchan, Thank you very much for your great review. We are more than happy to see how much you enjoyed your stay with us and also that you could start your day well recovered. We look forward to welcoming you again soon. Best regards - Melanie Brandenburger Guest Relation
Amazing staff, from reception, room service and concierge services.  Comfortable bed, clean and spacious
Dear CAT, Thank you for your excellent remarks! Your kind words and the impression you have expressed about our hotel make us really proud. We cant wait to have you back again to Yas Island Rotana in the near future. With best regards, Craig General Manager Yas Island Rotana &amp; Centro Yas Island, Abu Dhabi
Staff was very friendly throughout hotel Reception staff saw we were a couple with two small and active kids so gave us free upgrade to a huge Club Suite so kids can run and play in  Tea buffet at Cafe and dim sum at Shatin 18 both exceeded our expectation  Hotel room was very spacious and clean, especially the bathroom which also had a separate shower My daughter could “swim” in the bath whilst I took shower next to her  Water pressure was great and temperature was stable Great experience that kids enjoyed a lot They requested to come back all the time
Dear巍, Thank you for the great feedback and compliments. It is a true pleasure to know you experience with us has exceeded your expectation! We look forward to welcoming you and your family back soon. Best regards, Wilson Lee General Manager
Really convenient location, super comfortable beds and very friendly stuff
Hej dear Kristina,  what a fantastic feedback, many thanks for that! we are glad to read that you enjoyed the central location near the Gänsemarkt and felt comfortable in your room.  We hope to welcome you back again soon in our Scandic Hamburg Emporio and send you best wishes from Hamburg,  Tobias Albert Director of Sales &amp; Marketing
Staffs are very friendly and helpful
Thank you for staying with us at Renaissance Shanghai Pudong Hotel ! I appreciate that you took the time to post such a positive review and it is great to hear that you enjoyed your last stay in our hotel. We strive to provide all our guests a wonderful stay and it is assuring to hear that our service met your expectations. We hope to see you again and believe you will again have a fantastic experience at our hotel.
The friendliness and helpfulness of staff was exceptional by any standards and that particularly enhanced the enjoyment of our stay. We had a slight glitch with heating in our room. Immediate action was taken and, when the problem proved to be of greater magnitude than anticipated, we were immediately provided with another room. Not only that, but on return to our new room that evening, the technician, David, had left a lovely note for us, apollogising for any inconvenience, which was accompanied by two little courtesy boxes of Butler's chocolates. Bravo, David Bravo, Radisson
Dear Guest, thank you so much for posting this fantastic 1010 rating and review! its so good to know that our Reception team along with David helped to make your stay an enjoyable one in spite of the issue with the heating in your room on this occasion. We aim to provide 100% guest satisfaction for every guest and I am glad that you loved spending your few days in Belfast with us! On behalf of the entire team here, we look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit to the city! Kind Regards, Chelsea - Reception
Location was excellent The hotel is nice and the staff is very friendly and willing to help you in anything
Dear Cristian, First, let us show you our sincere gratitude for taking the time in sending us your review through Booking.com. We´re glad you enjoy our hotel and Staff!! Looking forward to welcome you back in the near future. Best Regards,  Paula Carvalhaes Mendes Front Office Manager
Customer service, location, food, everything
Dear Jennifer, It makes me very proud to read your wonderful comment, thank you so much for sharing this with us. We cannot wait to welcome you back again in the future for another spectacular stay at Pulitzer Amsterdam. Warmest regards, Alexander van Gastel General Manager
Excellent facilities and friendly staff
Dear Sean, Thank you for your nice comment! Great to read that you enjoyed the excellent facilities and friendly staff at Pulitzer Amsterdam. I will share all your kind words within our team. Warmest regards, Alexander van Gastel General Manager
Excellent location, friendly staff. We've stayed in several 5-star hotels in Chengdu, this one was outstanding
Dear Edmund,  Greetings from Niccolo Chengdu.  Thank you very much for kindly taking the time to share your experience with the rest of world. Were glad that you enjoyed the stay with us and we take pride in providing memorable experience to our guest on every visit.  Looking forward to welcoming you again in the near future.  Warmest regards from Panda City,  Adriano Vences  General Manager  Niccolo Chengdu
Fantastic service particularly noelle at reception
Dear Joojhaar, Amazing your 9.6 out of 10! Thank you to share your lovely comment. Please do contact through us during your next stay in Amsterdam Best regards, Noelia, artotel Amsterdam Team
We love going to Novotel
Dear Chantelle, Thank you very much for the lovely reviews and we are delighted to hear that you love coming to Novotel Abu Dhabi Gate and we take this opportunity thank you once again for being our loyal guest and we look forward to your next visit to us.  Thanks and best regards Nicola Hochgruber General Manager
good breakfast Close to U bane  Easy to go to the airport
Dear Tom, We dont want to miss the chance to thank you for your feedback. Nice to read that you could benefit from our good location near the public transport and the airport. Thank you for praising our breakfast. We hope to be your host again soon. Kind regards, Monika Schüler, Customer Feedback Agent
Great location, very friendly and helpful staff. Easy to reach, close to A7. Absolutely pleasant stay, as always in this aparthotel
Dear guest, First of all we would like to thank you for taking the time to share your impression on Booking.com following your stay in Hotel Myramar. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback from our guests We hope to see you soon! Best regards,
great location, the staff was amazing and did everything to make sure we had a great time Special thanks to Poppy and May
Dear Cristiana, I would like to firstly thank you for kindly taking the time to write this lovely review for us. We are a hidden resort and take great pride in our tranquil location uniquely designed for pure relaxation. We are delighted that you had a great time with us and our ladies and gentlemen will be so pleased to hear they did an amazing job. I will certainly pass on your sepcial regards to Poppy and May who will be so happy to recieve as i know they work so hard to create memorable experinces. We are hoping for the oportunity to warmely welcome you back soon and remain at your service always! Warm regards, Liliana Shkepu Director of Rooms Phulay Bay, A Ritz Carlton Reserve
Staffs are very kind. Our room is very tidy & comfortable. Metro station is pretty close. Everything is excellent
Dear Booking.com Guest, Thank you for your kind review. I’m glad to hear that you had a fantastic stay and pleased on how the rooms were organized and happy to hear that you like the comforts too. Rest assured your compliments to our staff will be rightly relayed to them and to their superiors. Trust that it was our pleasure to be of service to you.  We look forward to welcoming you back soon! Warm regards, Neil Fernandes Hotel Manager
Muy comodo
Estimada María,  Muchas gracias por compartir su opinión con nosotros, le agradecemos mucho la valoración que hace de nuestro hotel. Por favor pregunte por mi en su próxima estancia, me encantará saludarle si dispone de tiempo. Quedo a su disposición.  Muchas gracias Nieves Toro
Weve stayed here before and needed a quick, last minute booking. Thank you to the spa team, not only did you accommodate my early booking, the massage I had was sensational
Thank you for staying with us. We appreciate your feedback. Looking forward to welcoming you in our Beautiful Resort.
All great Close to Malioboro street (5min walk) and awesome breakfast
Dear Javier, thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. I appreciate your comments regarding our location and breakfast options. We certainly look forward to welcoming you back in the very near future.
Location and breakfast
Dear Suracha, thank you for staying at the Millennium London Knightsbridge. I trust you enjoyed your visit, with our location and our breakfast selection to set you up for the day. Kind regards, Jean-Baptiste Noel, General Manager
Its near JBR Barasti Beach Club is fantastic in weekends Its perfect that you can also use facilities from the Westin great pools
Dear Pedram,  Thank you very much for taking the time to share such positive feedback with us! We are delighted to read that you enjoyed your weekend with us.  It would be our pleasure to welcome you back to our resort in the near future.  Best Regards, Tolga S Lacin General Manager
The Locations is amazing and the staff were so friendly, helpful and efficient
Hi Kim, its great to see that our central location allowed you to fully enjoy all that Melbourne has to offer. Our welcoming Guest Service Team look forward to having you with us again soon. Kind regards - Vaia Lambrou, Assistant Guest Service Manager
The Hotel facilitiesthe breakfast and the ambiance
Dear Joan,  Thank you for taking the time to rate the hotel and for your compliments.  Kind regards,  Volkan Vural  General Manager
Did not have breakfast
Dear Kimberley, Thank you for posting your review following your recent stay with us, we are very grateful for all the feedback we receive and appreciate the time you have taken to recognise our hotel. We hope that we can welcome you back to The Radisson Blu Glasgow, in the future.  Regards Radisson Blu Hotel Glasgow
Everythingespecially all the extras such as robe,slippers, sewing kit etc The hotel provided everything you would need for your stay
Dear Irene, A review like this is exactly what we are aiming for! Thank you for the glowing recommendation and I hope we see you again in the near future. Regards Radisson Blu Hotel Glasgow
Grounds steak restaurant
Dear Paula, Thank you so much for sharing this great feedback with us! I am pleased to see that you enjoyed all aspects of your stay, and that you had a chance to experience our wonderful Royce Wood-Fired Steakhouse! We hope to welcome you again soon. Best Regards, Vern Lakusta Director of Hotel Operations
The room was cozy and the hotel was quite The staff were very polite and helpful
Dear Mohammed,  Thank you so much for taking out time to review us. We are glad to know you liked our room and enjoyed our room facilities and service. We do hope you visit us again in the near future.  Thank you once again.
Great place. Outstanding staff
Dear Mr. Frank, Glad to know that you had a great stay with us and wish to see you again. Sincerely yours, Chadi Nicolas General Manager
Well equipped gym, friendly staff, super clean, and great breakfast Well worth the money
Dear Mr. Jared Dimmett, A review like this makes it all worthwhile. Were so lucky to have such wonderful guests. Best Wishes, Executive Office Ramada Sharjah
Great location, very nice rooms, amazing staff Ismail was very helpful Will be coming back the next time we're in Istanbul
Dear Anonymous We would like to thank you for taking the time to review our establishment. We are delighted to see that you had an enjoyable stay. It was our pleasure to have you as our guest and we look forward to having the privilege in the future again. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you need any kind of assistance about Istanbul or Turkey. Best wishes from Istanbul Crm Department  Sura Hagia Sophia Hotel &amp; Spa
Great atmosphere,staff were really friendly and helpful with everything.Would definitely recommend and will come back here again
Aloha Mrs. Leigh Thank you for share a comment and complimentary review on Booking.com I am most delighted to read that you had an amazing experience at Bliss Surfer Hotel and thank you very much for recommending a stay at our hotel for our future guest and look forward to welcome you back soon. With blissful wishes Agung Kawi Duty Manager
Staff are very helpfull
Dear Mohamed, thank you for the review. I am glad to read that you have been impressed with our team and their friendliness. Thank you very much for sharing this. Kind regards, The Management InterContinental Dubai Festival City
Very good!! Can occupy for 2 adults n 2 small kids
Thank you for staying with Puan Norlisa. Hope to have you and your family again in the future.  Regards, Nur Asnidar
Staff are excellent - We stayed at Altis to celebrate my birthday, and they gave our group champagne at breakfast to celebrate, and left a lovely card and cake in the room Unfortunately my husband fell ill on the last day, but again the staff were excellent and helped call the doctor, and then they gave us a late checkout so he could rest before our night flight Thank you! Location is great, close to all the local attractions Staff at breakfast are very attentive and clear the plates as soon as you are done The breakfast spread is nice We were very pleased with our stay, and would look to stay at Altis again
Dear Guest, Thank you your Excellent review on Booking and for chosen Altis Avenida Hotel during such special occasion as your Birthday! How great to know you enjoyed your stay with us concerning the location of the hotel at the &quot;Heart of Lisbon&quot; and also our Guest Service provided by all our Hotels Team which works every day to exceed your Guest expectations. If you travel again to Portugal and Lisbon, we will be so pleased to welcome back at your &quot;home&quot; at Altis Avenida Hotel. Hoping Mr. Brett is better and wishing you all an Excellent New Year of 2917! Kindest regards, Artur Conceição - Guest Experience Manager
Excellent rooms, flawless service, central location, great energy
Thank you for choosing The Spectator Hotel while visiting our beautiful and historic city! Im delighted to learn you enjoyed our luxurious rooms, friendly staff and our location. I hope you will visit us again! Warm regards - Brent Gresham General Manager
Wonderful hotel in a fabulous location, A+++
Thank you for choosing The Spectator Hotel during your visit to our beautiful and historic city! Im delighted you were please with our luxurious accommodations and service. I hope you will visit us again and soon! Warm regards Brent Gresham General Manager
Tasty breakfast, free wifi, very peaceful
Dear Guest, Thanks a lot for your kind feedback. We are delighted you enjoyed your stay and believe to have an early opportunity to welcome you back. Kind regards, Zdeňka Sieberová, Office Manager
Supermarket in the building  Close to the beach and train  Free undercover parking
Dear Krzysztof, Thank you for gracing us with a high mark. It would certainly be our pleasure to welcome you back again and again. Best Regards, Rany Chammas Operations Manager
This place was incredible! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and wish we could have stayed longer  The staff were friendly, the amenities were exceptional and it was a lovely stay
Hello Mrs Jacqueline,  We would like to thank you for choosing our hotel as your preference to spend this recent vacations, we appreciatte your comments and we will share them with the entire staff as well we will do our best to keep doing it the best way possible. Kind regards,  Fernando Herrera  Front Office Manager  Marquis Los Cabos
Friendly and extremely polite staff, excellent spa facilities  Executive checkin very professional
Dear Darren, Thank you for posting a review on your recent stay at the Corinthia Hotel Lisbon. I am delighted to read that you had a lovely stay with us. We look forward to welcoming you back at the Corinthia Hotel Lisbon. Kind regards, Roderick Micallef General Manager
This was easily the best hotel experience of my life We saved up to treat ourselves to a city break in a special hotel and I'm so glad we did. The staff were friendly, helpful and generous - upgrading us when we arrived, just because they could That meant our arrival was marked with a complimentary bottle of port and pasteis de nata :)  We were able to access the Executive Lounge which was a treat every day, full of snacks and nice drinks while looking out over the city from the 24th floor. We also got a voucher for their spa to celebrate my birthday (as well as a bottle of champagne and a cake) and the facilities were perfect, so relaxing.  I cannot recommend this hotel and its wonderful staff enough Our stay was beyond delightful and made my birthday break so special. We'll definitely be back
Dear Claire, Thank you for sharing your opinion with us. Hearing how much you enjoyed your experience with us make us feel very pride of our work. We look forward to welcoming you back at the Corinthia Hotel Lisbon. Kind regards, Roderick Micallef General Manager
Very friendly staff, good location. Super big bed very comfy. Will come back again
Dear Jing, Warmest greeting from Goya Boutique Resort, Thank you for sharing your experience on TripAdvisor regarding your recent stay with us. It is our great pleasure to know that you particularly liked our property and had an excellent experience through the service provided.  We are glad that all our connectors were able to exceeded your expectations. Again we truly value your feedback and we hope to welcome you back for an even better experience.  Best Regards, Desak Dewi Front Office Manager
Staff were great
Dear Frederick, Thank you very much for your kind words on our biggest asset, which is our staff. We look forward to your next visit. Sincerely, Alex Mihardja Operational Project Manager
The staff was very friendly and the room was very neat and great value for money The bed was nice and comfy but I especially love the [strong]location[/strong] of this hotel
Dear Tanya, Thank you very much for sharing your positive experience with us. We hope your next stay would be as comfortable as the previous one. Sincerely, Alex Mihardja Operational Project Manager
location perfect, staff delightful
Thank you very much for sharing your positive experience with us. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future. Sincerely, Alex Mihardja Operational Project Manager
Location, Location, Location Just step out the door and your in the heart of Melbourne plus trams are a bonus
Dear Ken, We are so happy to read that you enjoyed the convenient of our location. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future. Sincerely, Alex Mihardja Operational Project Manager
The service on the room done daily was fantastic very good job! The location was perfect and it ticked the boxes for everything would definitely stay here again
We are very grateful of you sharing your positive experience after your recent stay with us. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future. Sincerely, Alex Mihardja Operational Project Manager
Only one mild criticism, that is the bathroom was looking a little tired
Hi John, thanks for taking the time to review your experience at Crowne Plaza Canberra. We are pleased that you enjoyed the location and restaurant. We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back should you visit Canberra again in the future. Kind regards, Michelle
Very good breakfast with lots of selections  Mostly cold options, but a few hot options as well We received an upgrade to a room with a sofa sleeper which was great for our kids  It usually costs 20 euro, but since we had already paid 40 euro for parking we were able to haggle a bit and get the upgrade for free The staff was nice and accommodating
Dear William, thank you very much for your kind feedback. We are looking forward to welcome you again at EA Hotel Juliš****. With best regards  Petr Dvořák - General Manager
The room was large and the bed was comfy Our dog loved the gardens surrounding the hotel The staff were friendly and helpful and everyone was kind to our dog
We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay with us and that even in the depth of winter your four legged room mate enjoyed our gardens. Do come back and visit us when the weather gets better, you and your dog can bathe in the sun on our terrace, a cool drink by your side...
The hotspring is amazing with different temperatures dipping pools There is also private geothermal pool in the villa The room price is inclusive of free entrance to The Lost World Jeff's Cellar was stunning
Dear JULIA, Thank you for your feed back. We look forward to welcome you back soon. Best Regards, Raymond Koh Director of Operations
Nice pool
Dear guest. Thanks for your opinion. We are glad that you had a nice stay in our Apartments.
I received a free room upgrade, which was a very pleasant surprise. The suite allocated to me had an excellent view of Plaça Espanya and the mountains. The suite itself was beautiful. I did not want to leave Many thanks to the staff for the excellent hospitality and facilities
Dear Prisca, Thanks for staying with us. We work hard to make our guests happy and appreciate your feedback! We hope to see you again with us. Best wishes, Lourdes Sitjá, General Manager.
Conceriges fantastic !!! Great holiday Tomatoes restaurant excellent food and staff especially Samuel and Jaun
Dear guest, Thank you for staying with us. I am glad that you had a great holiday and that Samuel and Juan did a great job taking care of you at our Tomatoes restaurant. We hope you are back with us soon! Kind regards, Public Relations Manager
Amazing breakfast
Dear Valued Guest,  On behalf of our entire team I would like to sincerely thank you for coming to stay with us. Thank you for taking the time to share your wonderful comments and we certainly look forward to welcoming you back.
Muy tranquilo
Estimado Manuel, Muchas gracias por su comentario y por la valoración positiva que hace acerca de su experiencia en nuestro establecimiento. Todo el personal estamos encantados de saber que descansaron y se sintieron cómodos con nosotros. Nos encantaría volver a recibirles próximamente en su siguiente visita a Madrid y seguir ofreciéndoles nuestro mejor servicio. Quedamos a su entera disposición. Un cordial saludo, E- Guest Experience
Excellent location Clean and large room Friendly staff
Dear Devika, thank you very much for choosing us for your stay in Sevilla and for sharing your comment with us. We are pleased to know that you enjoyed your stay thanks to our location. We will send your comments to our staff. We look forward to welcoming you back at Itaca Sevilla. Greetings Quality Department Soho Boutique Hotels
Room view
Dear Mohammed, Thank you for your kind response, the surroundings of the Westin are an excellent space to relax.. We call it city close and country quite due to our location. We hope to welcome you back soon
The room was clean and comfortable, locaion convenient and the staff very friendly
Dear guest,many thanks for your kind review. We are really pleased that you have enjoyed your stay at our hotel and the staff were friendly. We hope to welcoming you again in the near future. Kind regards.
Rooms amazing but the staff really made it for us tommy the young man behind the bar excellent costumer service
Thank you for your lovely review.  We hope to welcome you back soon.  Tina  General Manager
There is now more to add 5 mins from station 7 mins from shops and bars
Dear Tracy Thank you for choosing to stay at Jurys Inn Sheffield and for taking the time to review your stay. It is a pleasure to see such high scores and will ensure your feedback is passed to the team. I look forward to welcoming you back to Jurys Inn in the near future. Kind regards Sam Connolly Assistant Manager
The hotel was easily accessible from the train station just a short 5 minutes walk
Dear Tony Thank you for choosing to stay at Jurys Inn Sheffield and for taking the time to review your stay. It is a pleasure to read such lovely feedback and I will ensure your kind comments are passed to the team. I look forward to welcoming you back to Jurys Inn in the near future. Kind regards Sam Connolly Assistant Manager
Staff at the reception were excellent, especially Chris
Dear David Thank you for choosing to stay at Jurys Inn Sheffield and for taking the time to review your stay. It is a pleasure to read such lovely feedback and I will ensure your kind comments are passed to the team. I look forward to welcoming you back to Jurys Inn in the near future. Kind regards Sam Connolly Assistant Manager
The friendliness and service was commendable
Thank you for such wonderful comments about the hotel. We are extremely delighted to know that we were able to provide you with an enjoyable stay. Looking forward to welcome you again.
Front desk staff was incredibly helpful and all staff was very friendly
I love seeing this review, Brian. You can get a hotel room anywhere but its the staff that makes memorable experiences. Thank you so much. Come back and see us anytime. Justin- AGM
The rooms were very spacious, great view, comfortable beds, large bathroom, very clean The staff members were extremely helpful The location was convenient to the gas lamp area and Petco Park
Thanks for the great review. Michael. Baseball season is right around the corner so youll have to come back and stay with us when the Padres are playing! Justin- AGM
Very Helpful Staff, great room was clean and spacious. Lovely Breakfast, everything you need
Thanks for staying with us. We work hard to make our guests happy and appreciate your Business
The manager of this hotel is the best ever  The place is exceptionally well run - meticulously maintained  Nice breakfast a day sharp facilities
Thank you for taking the time to post a review of our property here. It is always refreshing to receive such positive comments especially when it is regarding the team here and the service we provide. It is comments like this that they strive towards every day. Thank you once again for taking the time to share your experience and I hope to welcome you back to the Holiday Inn Express Oaxaca Centro Historico.
Very nice cosmetics kit from Labo, loved it! And absolutely fantastic massage at the spa, friendly staff :)
Dear Fidan,  Thank you very much for choosing Fairmont The Palm and taking the time to share your kind feedback. I am really glad that you appreciated our service, facilities and amenities. We are truly honored to be a part of your memorable experience.  Fairmont The Palm team already looks forward to your return visit!  Sincerely,  Mark Sawkins General Manager Fairmont The Palm
Staffs are polite and good service
Dear Lee Min, Thank you for taking the time to write us a review following your recent stay with us. We pride ourselves in offering luxury, style and comfort with the promise of a stimulating and enriching experience and are delighted to read that our associated delivered on this promise by providing you with friendly and professional service.  Thank you for giving us a perfect score and we look forward to welcoming you back to Pan Pacific Perth for another refreshing experience. Best Regards, John Kockan General Manager
Comfy bed and our attendant at checkin was so helpful
Dear Renay, Thank you for your review following your recent stay at Pan Pacific Perth. We are thrilled to read that you enjoyed your stay and found your bed to be comfortable. As we endeavour to ensure all our guests’ needs are met and that all stays are comfortable and enriching, it is also delightful to hear that you found our associates to be helpful and that they were able to assist you swiftly at check in. Thank you once again for your time in reviewing us, and we certainly look forward to welcoming you back in the near future. Best Regards, John Kockan General Manager
A lot of care went in to make this very comfortable
Dear Anon, Thank you for taking the time to review us following your recent stay. We pride ourselves in offering luxury, comfort and style with a personalised touch to enhance guest experiences and thank you for your review of our service and product. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back in the near future. Best Regards, John Kockan General Manager
Location,clean and very comfortable
Thank you Vaughan for your kind comments the team and I appreciate your feedback and we look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel in the near future. Kind Regards, James Billing
All the staff were extremely friendly and efficient
Dear Guest, Thank you for your lovely complements reagarding our friendly team of service staff. We will certainly share your kind words with the team and hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back to The Savoy soon, Kind regards, Philip Barnes, Regional Vice President and Managing Director at The Savoy
Staff are very friendly, place is old but beautifully refurbished and comfortable
Dear Jana, We are delighted that you had a great stay with us and that you appreciated various aspects of our hotel.We are also glad that the service rendered by the hotel staff had left a positive impression on you.  Your patronage is valuable to us and we certainly look forward to welcoming you back again. Staywell, Anthony Davis Front Office Manager Park Regis City Centre
Suited our needs well
Dear Stephen, We are delighted that you had an overall pleasant experience at our hotel and have found our hotel location accessible. You were pleased with our comfortable rooms, and our staff were able to be of assistance to you during your stay with us.  Staywell, Anthony Davis Front Office Manager Park Regis City Centre
Very good
Dear Ms Nur Izani, &quot; Warmest regard from Park Avenue Hotel..!  Thank you for taking the time to review your stay with us. We highly appreciate your wonderful comments and glad that you had a great experience during your stay. We hope to continue being your preferred hotel in Sungai petani, Kedah and strive in delivering truly awesome service on all your future visits to Park Avenue Hotel. Looking forward to seeing you again soon.  To add on your information about us, pleased to let you know that we offer buffet breakfast along with the halal lunch and dinner menus (a la carte) at our The Bistro Coffee House and 24-hours room service for all guests staying in our rooms. Guest parking available on-site with safe car park and 24-hour CCTV. All laundry services are on-site and handled with the utmost care and convenience. C-Store is our convenience store where we carry all top selling categories including travel toiletries, medicines, candy, snacks and beverages. Gym as your fitness centre . For your surrounds comfort, enjoy the convivial comfort of The Lounge. Hone your skills in bowling with 36 lanes at Park Avenues leisure complex.  Thank You,  The Management of Park Avenue Hotel
Staff is extremely polite and friendly
Dear Philippe, Thank you very much for your lovely review. It will be a real pleasure to welcome you back very soon, Yours sincerely, Marine Honvault Guest Relations
Excellent staff , nothing was any trouble, great breakfast
Dear aidan, Thank you so much for choosing us as your trip partners and for your excellent review! We are pleased to know that you had an enjoyable stay at Hotel Bécquer. We’re looking forward to welcoming you with open arms! Ana Díaz-Guest Experience.
Amazing breakfast
Dear Owen,  Amazing is your 9.6 out of 10!! Thank you very much. We hope to see you again, Best regards, artotel Amsterdam team
Everything was nice Hotel was in a perfect location I'm glad we didn't have a car because it was over $50/night to park I would recommend Beach Street Cafe for breakfast just down the street, not the $25/pp at Sheraton
We so many choices of hotels in San Francisco, we are glad that you chose Sheraton Fishermans Wharf. It is great to know you found everything to your satisfaction.
Croissants delish
Dear Tui, Thank you for your kind review of Hotel Jen Brisbane. We’re glad you enjoyed your stay with us and you were able to enjoy our buffet breakfast at Nest Restaurant.  We look forward to seeing you again soon.  Kind Regards, Zac Hope General Manager Hotel Jen Brisbane
Staff very friendly, room was spacious and clean
Dear Desley, Thank you for positing such a positive review regarding your stay with us. It is a pleasure to hear that your room was clean and comfortable, and you thought our location convenient. I will share your feedback with my team as it will serve as encouragement to continually provide quality services. I hope to welcome you back in the future on your next visit to Australia.  Kind Regards, Zac Hope General Manager Hotel Jen Brisbane
Great breakfast, clean and comfortable room, great location, very helpful staff Front desk people very kind, front area water  very good, in room coffeee used 'pods' and was very nice
Dear Richard, Thank you for sharing your positive review with us during your recent stay at Hotel Jen Brisbane.  These comments will only enhance the already smiling faces of the Hotel Jen team as they continue to offer that and deliver that “Jen” feeling. I look forward to welcoming you back soon to Australia and have a great day. Kind Regards, Zac Hope General Manager Hotel Jen Brisbane
everything was great,so close to Roma street Railway Only 2 min walk and  able to Airtrain early to Airport next morning
Dear Ellen, Thank you for taking the time to review your stay at Hotel Jen. We are really pleased to read that we lived up to your expectations and that you enjoyed the convenience of the Airtrain only being a short walk from the hotel.  Looking forward to seeing you again soon. Kind Regards, Zac Hope General Manager Hotel Jen Brisbane
Breakfast was awesome. Room was clean, super comfy bed. Staff were helpful & really polite
Dear Cindi, Thank you for sharing your positive review with us during your recent stay at Hotel Jen Brisbane.  These comments will only enhance the already smiling faces of the Hotel Jen team as they continue to offer that and deliver that “Jen” feeling. I look forward to welcoming you back soon and have a great day. Kind Regards, Zac Hope General Manager Hotel Jen Brisbane
Friendly staff & great b/fast
Dear Susan, Wow, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Cambridge Hotel, this is the sort of guest feedback we love to get. It’s fantastic hearing that our guests truly enjoyed their stay. Im glad you enjoyed the breakfast and our staff met your expectations. We are pleased you appreciated your comfortable and clean room and that our location suited your needs. Once again, we thank you for your feedback and it will be our pleasure to welcome you back soon.  Warm regards,
Great young staff Couldn't have made us more welcome
Dear Peter, Thank you very much for stay with us At Cambridge Hotel and sharing your fabulous feedback. I’m glad you thoroughly enjoyed your stay with us. I am delighted to hear our staff contributed the most with your unforgettable experience. Here at the Cambridge, we pride ourselves on the quality of our staff, the rooms and the convenient location right in the heart of Surry Hills. Once again, we thank you for your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back soon.  Warm regards
Room was excellent - quiet and comfortable. All staff were efficient, informative and courteous. Location is perfect for using public transport. Shops are within a 100 m walk. Restaurants abound. Buffet or continental breakfast is great value for money and food is wholesome
Hi Anne, Thank you for your brilliant feedback. It is great to know you found our location ideal for public transport, appreciating the shops being only a 100m walk away and the wide range of restaurants nearby. We strive to provide all our guests with a high standard of cleanliness and an excellent level of service and we are pleased you experienced both of these during your stay. Our buffet breakfast includes a wide range of wholesome food which is perfect for setting you up for a busy day and it’s great you enjoyed this along with your quiet and comfortable room. We look forward to welcoming you back soon. Kind Regards,
Very nice services and support for their side 
Dear Mr. Mohammed,  I appreciate your positive feedback about our hotel. Thank you for sharing your comment and thereby giving us the opportunity to enhance our service quality and facilities. If youre traveling to our area again soon, dont hesitate to call us. Best Regards, Amr Adel General Manager
Best beds ever. Staff extremely helpful. Great buffet [strong]breakfast[/strong]
Dear Diane, Thank you for taking the time to leave us such nice feedback. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit to Sydney! Kind regards, Kayla Arseneau Public Relations
I have celebrated my 1st anniversary in the hotel and it was a great idea, the staff was so nicely, helpful. They arrange everything to me. The make my day to unforgettable day. I will never forget Tatiana and her great effort for dressing the room and the type of the flower she selected for the bouquet and her nice welcoming. She was very professional. Thanks for your effort you make my day
Dear Remon, Thank you very much for taking the time to share such positive feedback with us! We are delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay at our resort and it is especially great to hear that you spent an unforgettable day celebrating your first anniversary with us. We have passed on your comments to our team as we know they will be greatly appreciated.  Best Regards, Tolga S Lacin General Manager
Most helpful and most friendly staff ever! Small hotel with only 7 or 8 rooms, centrally located, modern, very clean, excellent value for money
Dear Matthias, It was a real pleasure hosting you during your stay in Belgrade. We will be proud to welcome you whenever your trip brings you back to our city. Kind regards,One Luxury Suites team.
location excellent
Dear guest, Thank you so much for your kind and considerate review.We do look forward to welccoming you back in the very near future. Kind regards, Mónica G. Manager ILUNION Fuengirola
Seriously incredible hospitality from the staff They upgraded our room, left anniversary gifts for us & were consistently warm and ready to help The hotel is absolutely stunning Highly recommended
Dear Khun Taylor, SO-wasdee ka from SO Bangkok! Thank you for your kindness in rating your experience with us. I am oh-SO happy to see you had an amazing time and on behalf of my team, we cannot wait to welcome you back. Seeing as though you have enjoyed your stay SO much! Thank again for being awesome! We are eager to welcome you back SO soon at SO! Kind Regards from SO, Akira Yan-Ubol Petit Director of Guest Experience.
Decor/ cleanliness of hotel Excellent rooftop pool/bar Lovely breakfast Good quiet location
Dear Henry Thank you for choosing Mövenpick Hotel Sukhumvit 15 Bangkok and for taking the time to write this outstanding review.  We are very pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay.  Looking forward to welcome you, during your next visit to Bangkok.  Sincerely  Max Huber  Executive Assistant Manager
View , room
Dear Ayesha, Thank you for choosing Fairmont Ajman and for taking the time to post your review. It pleases us to know you enjoyed the view and the room and we hope to welcome you back soon. Best regards, Fairmont Ajman Team
Everything
Dear Shiela, thank you for taking the time to send us your feedback and for choosing Movenpick Resort &amp; Spa Karon Beach as your accommodation choice during your recent stay in Phuket. We are certainly pleased to read that your stay with us was a pleasant one. All of us at the Movenpick Resort &amp; Spar Karon Beach Phuket look forward to having the pleasure of welcoming you back to our beautiful Resort. Best Regards, Nick P, General Manager.
Staff were simply wonderful and so helpful
Thank you for taking the time to leave us a review. We are thrilled that you enjoyed our little inn. I am also very pleased to hear that my staff was wonderful and accommodating for you. I will pass along your comments to them. We hope that you have safe travels back home, and that youll be back to the Pigeon Forge area soon to visit us.
Staff was excellent
Hello Jessica,  Thank you for the review and feedback! We appreciate you stayed with us and that you enjoyed it as well. We would love to have you back when you are in the area, so please keep us in mind for your future trips! Sincerely,  David Kang General Manager
Excellent hotel, room was perfect, comfortable and spacious enough. Location is perfect, an excellent hotel for a trip into the city for whatever reason. Staff went above and beyond to make sure we had an amazing experience. A MUST BOOK
Dear Arfan, Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. Your feedback is valuable to us as we constantly look to improve our delivery and to always provide you with the best possible service. Therefore I am so happy to see that you enjoyed your stay and found that the staff went above and beyond to make your stay so wonderful. On behalf of everyone at The Montcalm, I hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back soon. Kind regards, Adella Makdessi Guest Experience Manager
Good staff
Dear IBRAHEM, Thank you for staying with us at Banana Island and for sharing your experience. Your encouraging praises to my team had enlightened us to continuously provide a genuine service to all our guests at all times.  Please be assured that the service that you’ve always loved, still awaits you at the resort. Thank you one more time for an overall so positive feedback and I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back soon. Sincerely,  Thomas Fehlbier General Manager Banana Island Resort Doha by Anantar
The design of the resort
Dear Mohammad, Thank you for this wonderful review of Banana Island Resort Doha by Anantara and for the time taken to share it with us.  It is very inspiring to hear how much you enjoyed everything here. We look forward to welcome you again soon. Thank you for choosing Banana Island Resort Doha by Anantara. Sincerely,  Thomas Fehlbier General Manager Banana Island Resort Doha by Anantara
Really lovely pool and the view from our room was amazing at night (19th floor)
Dear Suzanna, Thank you for your review on Booking.com. We are very delighted that you had a wonderful experience and truly appreciate your positive comments regarding our lovely swimming pool, the amazing accommodation with a great room view.  Thank you for choosing AVANI Atrium Bangkok. We look forward to welcome you back in the near future! Kind regards, Clinton Lovell General Manager AVANI Atrium Bangkok
Y Bar food was excellent
Dear Richard, Thank you for your wonderful remarks. We are glad to see that you had a great time with us and that you especially enjoyed our food offerings in Y bar.  We look forward to welcoming you back again to Yas Island Rotana in the near future. With best regards, Craig General Manager Yas Island Rotana &amp; Centro Yas Island, Abu Dhabi
The rooms we had were comfortable and within easy reach of the airport which was our reason for booking The [strong]parking[/strong] situation could have been better explained It is valet [strong]parking[/strong] so you just have to pull up outside the hotel and they will take the car, give you a card which you then show them every time you want the car It makes it very easy as you don't have to worry about [strong]parking[/strong]
Dear Ms. Catherine, Thank you for staying at The Carlton Palace Hotel. I would like to offer our gratitude for your kind ratings with regards to your stay with us.  We certainly cannot wait to welcome you back soon. Yours sincerely, Mr. Hosni Abdelhadi Group Managing Director, Carlton Hotels
Room is clean, and staff is super nice. It's an innovative hotel
Dear Guest, thank you very much for your lovely feedback on Booking.com and your stay in our DORMERO Hotel Frankfurt Messe. It is great to read that you enjoyed your time in our hotel. Wel look forward to welcoming you back again soon and wish you all the best in the meantime. Kind regards Bernhard Wienand Hotel Manager
Great central location
Dear Richard,  Thanks for the great review of our hotel! Im delighted you enjoyed your stay and we hope to welcome you back soon.  Kind Regards,  Jason Court  Guest Relations &amp; Quality Manager
Great location, clean, really friendly staff
Dear Kelly,  Thanks for the great review of our hotel! Im delighted you enjoyed your stay and we hope to welcome you back soon.  Kind Regards,  Jason Court  Guest Relations &amp; Quality Manager
Quick check-in; Comfortable room, with all the necessary; very comfortable bed. Great breakfast, with choice also for vegane people. Walking distance from the train station andl also from the commercial center
Dear, Daniela,  Thanks for reviewing our hotel! Im delighted you enjoyed your time with us and we hope to welcome you back soon.  Kind Regards, Jason Court  Guest Relations &amp; Quality Manager
Very clean, like new, towels changed daily
Dear Guest, thank you for the nice review. Your satisfaction is the best possible reward for us and our team. I hope to see you soon in Nh Budapest City! Kind regards, Robert Weinraub General Manager
The hotel staff were very helpful and accommodating. The hotel was very central with very easy access to train station and about a 5 minute walk to shops
Dear Paul,  Thanks for the great review of or hotel! Im delighted that you enjoyed your time here with us and hope to welcome you back soon.  Kind Regards,  Jason Court  Guest Relations &amp; Quality Manager
Wide and large enough for family..exicited
Dear Yuda Rosapari, Thank you for your kind words of appreciation, To welcome you back in the near future would be our true pleasure. Warm Regards- Javidh Ahamed
Friendly staff, Great decor, great location, great breakfast, very comfortable room
Dear Mr. Bruno, thank you for sharing your experience. We are glad to know that you enjoyed your stay with us. It will be our pleasure to welcome you again next time!
Gluten free options for breakfast available
Dear Guest, First of all, we would like to thank you for choosing our hotel Attica21 Barcelona Mar during your visit to the city of Barcelona. Thank you very much for sharing your experience with us and send us your always valuable feedback. It is a pleasure for the whole team, to confirm that you have enjoyed our hotel and your stay in our beautiful city. Do not hesitate to contact us in case you decide to return to Barcelona. All the staff at Attica21 Barcelona Mar will be happy to assist you and thank you personally for your trust. We hope to welcome you back in a future occasion and thank you personally for your trust. Best regards and see you soon, Attica 21 Barcelona Mar
Friendly and very helpful staff, The hotel has a great [strong]location[/strong] for access to the beach or the Metro/Bus/Tram into the city Would stay here again
Dear Scott, Thank you for having chosen the Hotel Attica 21 Barcelona Mar for your recent stay in Barcelona and for your words of praise regarding our installations and services. Its not easy to please all guests all the time but we are constantly striving to improve our service levels. Our guests comments are an important source of insight and allow us to enhance our understanding of your needs and wants. We truly hope you will wish to stay with us again during your next stay in Barcelona. Warm regards from Spain, Attica 21 Barcelona Mar
Unexpected birthday cake with wine and 'singing staff' at breakfast for my husbands birthday Lovely!  All staff were very friendly, polite and smiley
Dear Sarahjane,  Thank you for sharing your travel experience at Park Grand London Paddington.  We are delighted to read your wonderful comment with regards to your stay, I have also passed on your comments to the restaurant staff.  We would love to welcome you back again in the future.  Kind Regards,  Sofia Gomes
The room was great Heated bathroom floor and extremely clean and comfortable Perfect for a couple of days in London
Dear Lance,  Many thanks for sharing your travel experience with Park Grand London Paddington. We are glad you enjoy staying with us and find the hotel to be up to your standards. We maintain an opinion that cleanliness and peace make life easier and more agreeable therefore our hardworking team always tries to ensure that our valuable guests enjoy clean and quiet rooms. We were also happy to compliment your stay with some little details i.e. heated bathroom floor, details which make your stay even more rewarding. We would be thrilled to have you with us again to give you a warm welcome and be your home away from home. Kind regards Julia Michailenko
The district is good and quiet. There are many good cafes and restaurants around.  Price for the double-room in low-season is very reasonable! Beatiful city actually)))
Dear Alexander, Dear,  It is a great pleasure for the whole team at our Hotel, to know that your expectations have been fulfilled. Your comments are the reason for us to feel really pleased and proud at a professional level. Furthermore, this motivates us to keep on making an effort to improve and reach all our clients needs for all of you to feel satisfied. With all our best wishes, Hotel Valencia Center
We had a awesome stay! Great location, beds were so comfortable, staff was very nice and efficient
Thank you for choosing Melrose Georgetown Hotel. I am thrilled to hear that you and your daughter had an overall wonderful experience with our prime location, luxurious accommodations and personable service. We wish the best of luck to your daughter and hope to welcome you back to Melrose again in the future! Regards, Jale Hashimi
Breakfast was excellent both choice and quality wise The rooms are spacious and well equipped The availability of tea, coffee and hot chocolate in the room is especially welcome when arriving very late directly from the airport I also appreciated the iron and iroing board Very good price/quality
Dear Guest, Thank you so much for choosing to stay at our hotel during your recent visit to Budapest and for taking your valuable time to share this lovely review with us.  It is wonderful to read your comment on how enjoyable your stay was, I am more than glad we managed to meet your expectations.  It brings me great pleasure to read that you found our breakfast excellent both choice and quality wise. Also, I am delighted to know that you were very satisfied with your spacious and well-equipped room.  Once again, thank you for the brilliant review and I very much look forward to welcoming you back, hopefully in the not so distant future.  Warm regards, Attila Botta FOM
The opportunity to use the hotel facilities while staying with them the gym, pool, steam rooms and gym The hotel cleanliness and the friendliness of the staff Very close to the Corniche beach and malls
Dear Godknows, We are glad you enjoyed your stay, looking forward to welcome you back soon at Southern Sun Abu dhabi. Kind reagrds
Staff are very helpfull
Dear Mohamed, thank you for the review. I am glad to read that you have been impressed with our team and their friendliness. Thank you very much for sharing this. Kind regards, The Management InterContinental Dubai Festival City
the bed was legit a cloud and the rooms were really great
Thank you for staying with us. We appreciate your positive feedback and we hope to see you back soon!
Bed was super-comfy
Dear Valued Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us in particular our Sofitel MyBed which is one of our signature items.  We hope to have the pleasure to welcome you back again in the near future.  Best regards,  Nael El Wary  General Manager
Indoor design, warm welcoming gift chocolate
Dear Wing Hei Katherine,  I would like to thank you for selecting our property as your preferred choice of accommodation on your recent visit to Budapest, and for taking the time to share your experience with us.  It seems to me that you had a quite pleasant stay here and based on your ratings, it sounds like you were satisfied with everything. I am glad you liked the interior design and that you appreciated the small touches too. We do really care about our guests and are dedicated to serving them well.  I would love to have the opportunity to be your host again in the future.  Kind regards, Miklos Gaal General Manager
clean bathrooms, nice staff, pet friendly, comfortable bed
Thank you for staying with us and we hope to see you again in Eureka!
I always stay here and staff are friendly
Dear guest,  We are overwhelmed with joy to read such a beautiful review. It was a pleasure for us to welcome and look after you . Your feedback is valuable to us. Thank you for such lovely comments on staff service. Each member of our team goes an extra mile to assist our guests since Guest comfort is our priority.  We look forward to welcoming you soon. Kind Regards, Duty Manager
Amazing place and all the staff was excellent A place to come back to
Good day, Ana! Thank you for your kind review. Were happy to have made your stay as pleasant as possible. We look forward to welcoming you back soon. Warmest regards, Gonzalo Rodriguez Hotel Manager
Location, close to metro
Dear Mr. Raul, Thank you for highlighting our convenient location and proximity to the metro station.  Once again, we appreciate your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back in the near future. Kind Regards Souffian Zaeraoui Hotel Director
hotel muy confortable
Estimada Silvia, Muchas gracias por tomarse un tiempo en escribir sus comentarios. Nos alegra saber que su estancia con nosotros fue tan buena. Esperamos volver a verle pronto. Un saludo, Cristina de la Orden, Directora
This is an excellent hotel Top of the line, the staff is absolutely perfect and do the extra mile to please the customer I have been in similar class hotels and better but the service of Rafles is really above I am not a breakfast type of person hence can not comment but I am certain the quality is there I am looking forward to my next stay there
Dear Guest, Thank you for choosing Raffles Dubai and for posting on Booking.com. I am pleased that you had an excellent stay with us. It is great to hear that you were impressed with our colleagues who went the extra mile to assist. We look forward to welcome you again soon. Regards, Ayman Gharib - General Manager
We just needed a place to sleep and it was spotless and comfortable Quiet neighborhood
Hi Jackie; We are happy you enjoyed your recent stay with us. Thank you for your recent visit and taking the time to post your review on booking.com. Sincerely, Liz Conrad &amp; QIpa staff
Location was fabulous, isolated but beautiful beach and rain forest right on your door step. Perfect for relaxation but lots of activities on site and nearby for those more restless
Dear Charlie,  We are delighted to know you have a great stay at The Andaman and you are correct about our resort tranquility!  The Andaman set inside the 10 million year old rainforest on a coral sand beach and further away from the main touristic areas. We are thrilled to know that you enjoyed the stay with our award winning beach and you are absolutely correct! Datai Bay was recognized as the 9th best beach in the world by National Geographic and we do agree that it is one of the best beaches in Asia! If guests wish to have a tranquil, peaceful holiday close to nature …this is definitely a little paradise in Langkawi Island.  Once again, thank you for your review, we do hope that we may welcome you again in the future, my team and I remain at your service. Warm regards, The Andaman Resort
The location is amazing
Dear Guest, Thank you for staying with us at the Sheraton Grand Hotel Dubai! We are truly delighted to read that you had such an enjoyable stay with us and we hope to welcome you back for yet another lovely stay soon. Sincerely yours,  General Manager Sheraton Grand Hotel, Dubai
Great fun place to stay especially with a slide into the bar , what more could you ask for
Dear Chris, thank your for writing a feedback of your recent stay here at Barceló Málaga. We are pleased to see you have spent a great time with us. We hope that we exceeded your expectations and we will like to welcome you once again in the near future. Best regards, Guillermo Faraldo, Manager Barceló Málaga
Upon arrival we were allowed to check-in early The staff were really helpful and made us feel very welcome Room was clean and spacious and the bed was comfortable Only a 10minute train journey from the airport for 180euro Would stay there again with no hesitation
Dear Gerwyn, first at all, we would like to thank you for giving us the opportunity of having you in our Hotel. As you know it´s our main intention to provide you with our best image and we inform you that our main commitment is to achieve the complete satisfaction of our guests. That´s why We are glad to know that you enjoyed your stay. As well, we would like to thank you for the kind comments about our staff. Finally, we would dearly hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you again in a near future. Kind Regards, Guillermo Faraldo. Manager Barceló Málaga
Friendly and helpful staff, great location, comfortable room and good breakfast
Dear John, Thank you for sharing your recent experience with the booking community, we appreciate you taking the time to review us. We look forward to welcoming you again! Warm Regards, Lucie Manceau Assistant Room Division Manager
We lived the spa and the view from it at night was spectacular
Dear Maitland,  Thank you for taking the time to write a review of Radisson on Flagstaff Gardens, we are thrilled to see that you enjoyed your stay. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed the spa and the beautiful views our rooftop has to offer, we will share your comments with our team.  On behalf of our entire staff at Radisson we thank you for your business and we hope to see you again when your travels bring you back to the area! Kind regards, Colette Tobin Director of Sales &amp; Marketing
Great location, very clean room and good breakfast Highly recommended
Dear Scott, thank you for taking the time to share your feedback with us and for recommending our hotel to the travel community.We are looking forward for your next visit! Sincerely, Michaela, Front Office Manager
Friendly and Helpful Staff Service is extremely great
Dear Karthikeyan,thank you for your stay in our house and for the positive feedback. We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay in our hotel and hope to welcoming you here on your next trip to Bratislava Best regards Michaela, front office manager
Excellent location. Staff very helpful, picture perfect view from the pool,
Hi Diane,  Thank you for the perfect review. I am glad that you enjoyed your overall stay with us and i can see that you have experienced that &quot;Jen&quot; feeling through our facilities and services. Do check out our rooftop infinity pool for your next visit with us. My team and i look forward to your next stay with us.  Best Regards, Hervé Duboscq, General Manager Hotel Jen Orchardgateway Singapore
Comfortable bed
Dear Gary, Thank you for taking the time to provide your feedback following your recent stay with us.  We are glad to read you enjoyed the comfort level of the bed which we regularly receive compliments on.  We look forward to welcoming you back to the Holiday Inn Parramatta. Kind Regards,  Pawan Kumar Front Office Manager
Was amazing hotel perfect service
Dear William, Thank you very much for this great review.  We are extremely happy to read that you enjoyed your stay and our facilities and that you met the outstanding service our Colleagues are known for. We look forward to welcoming you again soon. Kind regards, Hotel Manager
Location, cleanliness, friendly staff, cheap parking although not located at the hotel, nice touch with kit kats provide with tea and coffee facilities in the room
Hello there, thanks for taking the time to leave us some feedback Im glad everything was to your liking! Hope to welcome you back on any return trips to York All the best,  Amy Reception Supervisor
Very helpful staff
Thanks for your wonderful comment!
Spotless room Staff were very helpful [strong]Breakfast[/strong] was good
Thank you for share your experience during you’re stayed with us. It was a pleasure to learn that you enjoyed and impressed with our service during your holiday.  We are looking forward to welcome you back on your next trip to Bali
Good bed and pillows
Thank you very much for chunking out time to write about your stay with us. It is very heartwarming to know your appreciation especially about our rate, room bed, pillows and our location. We are hoping that it will not take a long while for us to see you again! Thank you for making us your choice.
Amazing hotel, I love all of it! Credit to the receptionist Madalina
Dear Fabrizio, Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. Your feedback is valuable to us as we constantly look to improve our delivery and to always provide you with the best possible service. Therefore I am delighted that you enjoyed your overall experience. On behalf of everyone at The Montcalm, I hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back soon. Kind regards, Adella Makdessi Guest Experience Manager
Amazing service, great place to relax
Dear Lauren, Thank you for posting an online review of Somerset Alabang Manila. We glad to have provided an amazing service and great place to relax during your most recent visit. It is our pleasure to have you stayed with us.  Once again, thank you for your patronage. We look forward to your next visit. Regards, Diane Kasilag Guest Service Manager
The hospitality really good
Thank you Celcilya and Were pleased to welcome back to stay with Citin Pratunam again for next visit. Upgrade nice room is available for you.  Best regards Pisit C. Hotel Manager
Nice hotel and staff
Dear Mr. Ibrinet, We would like to thank you for choosing Swiss-Belhotel Sharjah and for reviewing your recent experience with us. It is always a pleasure &amp; encouraging reading a positive feedback from our valued guest, such as yourselves and we are glad that overall you enjoyed Swiss-Belhotel Sharjah cordiality. Once again thank you and I do hope to have an opportunity of welcoming you back again and enjoy Swiss-Belhotel Sharjah hospitality and more.  Yours sincerely,  Mohamed Ali General Manager
Great hotel, very good location, nice and quiet, but only 5-15 minutes walk from plenty of attractions Offered excellent value for money
Dear Kumnio, thank you for your review and for choosing our hotel. I really appreciate all your kind comments on our convenient location and quite rooms as well. Im happy that you enjoyed your stay and Im looking forward to having you again as a guest in our hotel. Kind regards, Gabriela Hejcova Sales &amp; Revenue Department
perfect location! good price
Dear Begum, thank you for staying at the Millennium London Knightsbridge. Enjoying the location, I trust you had an enjoyable visit to London and that we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again. Kind regards, Jean-Baptiste Noel, General Manager
Lovely beds comfy pillows
Dear Carol, thank you for staying at the Millennium London Knightsbridge. I am delighted you enjoyed your visit and the location the hotel holds in the midst of Knightsbridge.  As you are aware, beds and pillows are a very personal choice and it is reassuring to know you found them comfortable. We very much hope to welcome you back again in the future. Kind regards, Jean-Baptiste Noel, General Manager
Really nice place to stay
Dear Traveler,  Thank you for the kind words following your stay with us here in Ipswich. I am pleased that you enjoyed your experience of pentahotels, it certainly is an exciting chain of hotels! I hope that we will see you back with us very soon. Very best regards Janine
Close by station, Nice view
Thank you for the review, Ines!
Stayed for 2 nights after trip on Northern Explorer Within walking distance of the train station  Staff were extremely helpful, concierge arranged a rental car for us with no problem  Dinner at the Portlander restaurant was top class, we didn't book but they were very accommodating in getting us a table even though the restaurant was full Rooms very well appointed and clean  Would definitely stay again
Hi Kay,  Thank you very much for your review, and our apologies for the delay in responding! Its great to hear you enjoyed your February stay, in particular our friendly staff and award winning restaurant Portlander. We hope to see you on your next visit to Wellington! Kind regards, Catherine
Everything Hotel clean and comfortable Very good [strong]location[/strong] Staff absolutly amazing, nice and helpfull
Dear Teresa, thank you very much for your nice comment about our staff, I have passed it to the manager. Best regards, Nina Ferdova, Guest relations
Very nice breakfast,plenty of choices Room was ok,hotel looked goodWas only a short stay, to relax a little We got a nice deal on it too There is a nice Italian down the road which is worth a try,it's called Alforno Walking distance to Old Town Square is not too long
Dear Mark, we are pleased you were satisfied with the breakfast and the location. We hope to welcome you soon again. Best regards, Nina Ferdova, Guest relations
The bed was really comfortable and the hotel was really clean
Dear Paige, thank you for nice comment, we are happy you have a nice holiday. Kind regards, Nina Ferdova, guest relations
Our superior triple bedroom was large and beds fantastic, The breakfast was excellent with lots of choices The receptionist was so helpful with finding us lovely restaurants and general information that we needed to know will be back
Dear Stephanie, we are really glad you found our staff to be helpfull and the beds to be fantastic! We hope you enjoyed your holiday and hope to welcome you back in very near future. Best regards, Nina Ferdova, Guest relations
Stayed just one night and everything went really well Kids liked the pool very much
Dear Mr. Mikko, Greetings from Auris Boutique Hotel Apartments! Thank you very much for your kind review. We appreciate the time you took to leave a positive feedback on your recent stay with us. We do take great pride in providing the very best service and accommodation for our guests and we are glad we did this for your stay. Thank you and we look forward to welcome you back. Regards, Michelle Dionisio-Zapa
Staff were very helpful
Dear Mr. Khalil, Greetings from Auris Boutique Hotel Apartments! Thank you for your kind words regarding your recent stay in our hotel. We do take great pride in providing the very best service and accommodation for our guests and we are glad we did this for your stay. It is very rewarding when our guests realize the efforts we put to make them feel welcome including positive comments which help us to recognize and reinforce excellent service. We will certainly pass your comments to the entire staff. Thank you and we look forward to welcome you back. Regards, Michelle Dionisio-Zapa
Very nice hotel with cozy environment It's quite close to the museum area and just next to the metro station It's convenient to visit other sites especially the inner stadt The staff here is passionate and very friendly Lovely experience
Dear Pandamanda, thank you very much for your Response E neubauer
Everything service and well resiving
Thank you very much for taking the time to share such positive feedback with us , we are delighted to hear that you enjoyed your overall stay.   It would be our pleasure to welcome you back to our resort in the near future.     Best Regards,    Tolga S Lacin   General Manager
Spacious room & bathroom. Perfect if you travel by train as the hotel is basically next to the station
Thank you for this review. It is great to read that the location is excellent for you as we are next to Apsley station, and we hope you will stay with us again in the future. Kind Regards Thomas, Guest Service Manager
The entire staff were amazing and the  evening reception was an added touch We loved the fact that the hotel was located near restaurants, starbucks, and stores which made traveling with our toddler easier There was also a cable car stop out side the hotel so commuting in the city was convenient We will definitely book againmy 3 year old loved the oatmeal that even today he is still asking for it
Thank you so much Catherine!!! Who wouldve thought that oatmeal would be the life changing moment from your visit! We cannot wait for your next visit and will have the oatmeal ready.
Were lucky to see the cars racing in the marina circuit Had a lovely view from our room Was an amazing place to stay for the weekend
Dear Darshanee, Thank you for your great review. We hope to welcome you back to Yas Viceroy some time soon! Best regards, Mark Sterner Hotel Manager
- location close to subway station and 5 stops to the red square  - lots of facilities in the hotel
Dear Johannes Nijdam, we are so happy to receive your kind words! It is important for us to present each guest a service full of enjoyment, care, comfort, and safety! And you are right - our location is very convenient. We will be waiting for your return to Moscow - our country and city is truly amazing and very different, hopefully you’ll have a chance to enjoy a nice and unforgettable experience soon! Yury Kabanov - Guest Relations Manager
Very friendly and helpful staff
Dear David, Greetings from Fairways &amp; Bluewater.  We are honored by the rating that you gave us. Thank you for your kind appreciation of our resort and our staff. We hope your stay with us had been a memorable experience.  We are grateful that you have chosen to stay with us. It was a pleasure to serve you. We hope to see you again at Fairways &amp; Bluewater in the future. We wish you more blissful travels in the future.
Treatment is fair for all nationality and service is great👍
Dear Maria Eliza, Warm greetings from Fairways &amp; Bluewater.  Thank you very much for your excellent rating of our resort. It is an honor to be given such high scores by our guests. We are happy to know that you appreciate our resort and we have met your expectations. We are committed to providing the same level of service to all our guests.  Again, our sincerest thanks to you. We hope that you will choose to stay at Fairways &amp; Bluewater on your next trip to Boracay. Have a great day ahead.
Friendly and polite staff, delicious breakfast, amazing pools, beautiful territory of the hotel, nice activities like zipline and horse riding, free shuttles to the White Beach
Dear Ксения, Warm greetings from Fairways &amp; Bluewater.  Thank you for choosing to stay in our resort. We are glad that you enjoyed our breakfast, pools, activities, shuttles and the general atmosphere of the resort. We are also happy that you appreciate our staff. We hope all these contributed to a wonderful and memorable vacation. It is a pleasure to have you as our guest. We hope that you will continue to choose to stay with us on your next trips to Boracay. Have a wonderful day ahead.
The staff was really friendly, everthing was great
Dear, Anna! Thank you for taking the time to review your stay with us. Were very pleased to hear that our staff made your stay pleasant. We hope your next stay is just around the corner! Kind regards, Elena Customer Review Manager
The room Was a nice size and very clean
Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for taking the time to complete your review, your feedback is important to us. We are happy you enjoyed your stay and hope you come stay with us again! Sincerely, Cassandra George Assistant Manager Comfort Inn Humboldt Bay (707)444-2019
The rooms are a very good size with a lot of facilities The shower was excellent
Dear Mr. Steven, Thank you so much for your review and staying At Elite Crystal. It was our honor to have you stayed with us and will be even bigger one if you return. We cannot wait! We certainly hope that we will have a chance in near future to serve you the best possible way again!  Sincerely,  Aqeel Abbasi  Rooms Division Manager
Easy walk to Downtown old Dubai and Gold Souk Creek with boat access across the road Rooms reasonably priced for quality of hotel Great location if you want to see this part of town
Dear Mr Rob, Thank you very much for taking the time to write about your most recent experience with us at the  Carlton Tower Hotel. We are very happy and pleased to know you had a very pleasant experience with us and you were able to enjoy your vacation time with us fully. Thank you for complimenting our location.We hope you will visit us again in the near future. Best regards, Juliet Cuyugan Asst Front Office Manager.
The general manager took me to the airport in her own personal car  Wonder experience
It was indeed my pleasure! We appreciate your business and hope you come again real soon. Always happy to help when our Shuttle Drivers are assisting others.  Thanks again.
The hotel is located in a great [strong]location[/strong]  though you pay for [strong]breakfast[/strong] it is very good  Smaller rooms than many of the hotels that are of the same cost but [strong]location[/strong] is great  The rooms are clean and have everything you need
Good Afternoon, Thank you so much for taking the time to review our hotel. Great to hear that overall you enjoyed your time with us. We hope to see you again soon!! Best regards, Padraig Gallagher
Convenient and comfortable
Thank you for your nice comments. Regards,
Clean & comfy, it was perfect for our last night in the Philippines before a long travel journey
Dear Charlene, Thank you for your feedback and for taking the time to tell us about your positive experience. It was a pleasure having you with us on your last night of travel while in the Philippines and we are happy to learn that your stay was just as comfortable. Your feedback is highly valued and it would be our pleasure to have your experience shared with other guests who are looking into coming to Cebu through different guest review platforms such as TripAdvisor. We look forward to your next visit here in the hotel. Sincerely, Laurent Boisdron  General Manager
bed was so comfy best we have enough slept in ages
Dear Kerri, Thank you for your review! I am happy that you have had a such a great nights sleep with us. We hope to see you soon. Kind Regards Curtis Goodwin Food &amp; Beverage Manager
The location of the hotel is ideal Right at the lake and walking distance of restaurants, metro and buses The staff could not have been more helpful and friendly with a number of issues we dealt with And the underground parking was a godsend since the weather was abysmal
Dear Allen, Thank you very much for such a wonderful rating and your comment. It is a pleasure to read such a feedback. We are looking forward to welcoming you again during your next stay in Lausanne.  Kind regards, C. Kramer, General Manager
Perfect service
Thank you for your comment and we are happy that you overall enjoyed your stay at our hotel. We look forward to an opportunity of serving you again in no distant future.
Close to all shops and restaurants were walking distance
Aloha Lorraine, Thank you for your wonderful review! We are glad to hear that you took full advantage of our propertys central location in the heart of Waikiki!  Sincerely, Guest Relations Courtyard by Marriott Waikiki Beach
The restaurant Pizanno
We enjoyed having you, Shiela! Please come back and visit us again soon!
The bed and the pillows were amazing
Dear Suzanna, Guest satisfaction is our top priority and we are delighted to provide you with a restful stay. We look forward to your next visit at Makati Diamond Residences.
spacious room, divine bathroom, beautiful appliances and fittings, great bed
Dear Mr. William, It was our pleasure to provide you with our brand of service and the highest standard of luxury living. We look forward to your next visit at Makati Diamond Residences.
upgrade from 1 to 2 bed room apt, the size of the apartment, the staff, the [strong]breakfast[/strong], the [strong]location[/strong]
Dear Mr. Magdy, Please allow me to thank you for your recent stay and review. We are delighted to read that you had an enjoyable stay with us and liked our location, our spacious apartment and our breakfast selections. Thank you for your kind note of appreciation to our constant efforts to enhance our guest experience and that you liked the upgrade to two bedroom apartment.  Looking forward to welcome you soon in near future! Sincerely yours, Ayman Ashor General Manager
it was a great trip to Arjan Rotana i will repeat it again 
Dear Mr. Marwan,  Dear Mr. Khalid,  Please allow me to thank you for your recent stay and review in Booking.com. We are delighted to read that you had an enjoyable stay with us and liked our hotel location &amp; facilities.   Looking forward to welcome you soon in near future! Sincerely yours, Ayman Ashor General Manager
superb breakfast
Thank you Dino Jorge. Our chefs work hard to ensure a good breakfast experience everyday.
Amazing View from balcony over the Brno main sights Breakfast was fullfilling with very caring staff Also frontdesk Staff was exceptional
Dear Mark,  thank you for your kind words, we are pleased to read that you were satisfied with our service. I will share your comments with our staff and managers, they will be glad to hear about your positive  experience with us.  We appreciate your business and look forward to welcoming you again at our hotel.   Kindly,  Alena Kamrlova - FOM
Rooms were well maintained and breakfast was awesome
Dear Ashwin, Warmest greetings from The Bene Hotel Kuta. Thank you very much for taking your valued time to share the experience following regarding your recent stay at The Bene Hotel.  We are so grateful to hear that you thoroughly enjoyed your stay with us, loved the rooms, pool and the breakfast provided. Even more rewarding to know that you will definitely return if your travel plan brings you to Bali.  We are also thrilled to hear that the service rendered by our team members pretty much exceeded your expectation. Your positive comments will certainly encourage our team members to strive further for excellence. Once again, thank you for sharing your experience with us and it would be our great pleasure to welcome you again in the near future. Your sincerely Made Sumariana Resort Manager
I love the spaciousness of the suite, the staff was wonderful, the building beautiful
Dear Neda,  Thank you for your recent stay and great review. Your kind words are greatly appreciated and it was our pleasure having you as our guest. We look forward to welcoming you back in the near future.
The room is very clean and the staff is very helpful
Thank you so much, All the best, Luca Perletti Hotel Manager
Best location ever, good staff very clean hotel and it is very close to everything
Dear Ahmad, Thank you for your beautiful review! We are very glad that you enjoyed your stay with us and were satisfied with the service provided by all the team. We are already looking forward to welcoming you back soon in the heart of the city! With our warmest regards, The Hotel Management
Excellent location, accommodation and exceptionally helpfully staff, I would definitely book again there was nothing to fault
Dear Heather, Thank you for taking the time to review Cheval Three Quays. I was delighted to read you found our Three Quays team exceptionally helpful, thank you.  Please feel free to let us know when you return it will be great to see you again. Kind regards, Kate Fletcher General Manager
It is really close to the Tegel Airport The bus stop to the airport is located in front of the hotel
Dear Magdalena thank you very much for your kindly assessment. You are right, with the X9 buses it is just a 10 minutes ride to the airport. Sincerely Your Hotel Team
Excellent location, near the creek Fantastic cleaning staff kept the room immaculate every day Lovely restaurants with wonderful views across the creek with all the lit up dhows on the water in evening  Very friendly and helpful staff WOULD RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL, 5 STAR
Dear Guest, Thanks a million for your wonderful review and we are delighted to have had you as our guest in the hotel.  I am pleased you find our location excellent, cleaning staff fantastic, restaurants lovely with wonderful views and staff friendly and helpful. With all the passion that we do our work, it is so rewarding to receive this lovely feedback and for this reason, I have already seen to it that your comments have reached our staff. We can’t wait to welcome you back to the Radisson Blu Hotel, Dubai Deira Creek again! Best regards,  Maria Tullberg
Everything
Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to rate our property. We are glad that you had a wonderful stay and we hope to see you back soon! Kind Regards, Maria Tullberg
Incredible hotel It's clearly 4 stars hotel Is by far the best I ever been and I travelled more than 30 countries The reception and lobby area are huge and well designed It has big restaurant there too, big area with sofas and a big internet area with several computers Elevators are secured and activated with the room card The room was biger than my appartment All de details are clearly of design with matching colours and good quality furniture Enormous bed with two sofa chairs a long desk and big TV The reception of the room is spacious with a bench and big mirror, the closet is big with a quality safe box The bathroom is huge and divided in two areas, one with a longer and wider than the usual  bath tube, wall-to-wall mirror with designed furniture and matching colours The other area is for the WC and a bench All details are a great quality There's a gym in the last floor, a small one but classy and with the basic mchines to stay fit and a great view of the whole city The terrasse has a small swimming pool to relax and chairs to take the sun with nice view of the sea The staff is very welcoming, efficient and quick to answer The cleaning staff is alwys available 2 underground floors [strong]parking[/strong] with lot of places available
Dear Jorge, Thank you for your nice, kind and detailed comment. Exceeding our guest expectations and creating a unique, personalized guest experiences are paramount. We are happy that your review noted our employees are eager to help. It will be our pleasure to welcome you back. Best regards, Elena Salas Pastor. Hotel Manager.
amazing place, the pool has been renovated
Dear Guest, Thank you for the great score and taking time to share the positive experience of your stay with us online. I am pleased you find Radisson Blu Deira Creek amazing place and that you enjoyed our newly opened pool. We cant wait to welcome you back again! Best regards, Maria Tullberg
Updated spacious rooms, particularly for Tokyo  Very central location with quick access to subway right below the hotel  Restaurants within the hotel are very expensive but can pick up a quick light breakfast just below the hotel which is convenient if you want something easy Quite good gym facility
Dear Debra Thank you for your stay with us at The Capitol Hotel Tokyu and thank you very much for your review. We will be looking forward to welcome you again in near future. Sincerely, Yoichi Furusawa Assistant Manager
Friendly and helpful staff, excellent breakfest, awsome roof top pool with view to the airport, good location and nice clean rooms with enough space! Also very reasonable price
Dear J.E, Thank you very much for your review of your recent stay at our hotel. Your feedback is extremely valuable to us, as we strive to improve with each and every stay. I greatly appreciate if you wish to recommend our hotel to your family and colleagues. We are looking forward to welcoming you again at our beautiful hotel. Kind Regards Ramia Adnyana General Manager.
located the other side of the kanazawa station, about 10 min walk, the hotel room is really large compared to other hotels in Japan, and the room rate is really worthy
Thank you for staying at HOTEL MYSTAYS PREMIER KANZAWA.  And we appreciate you spending your time writing to us. We are so glad to hear that you have had a comfortable stay at our hotel.   We hope we can serve you again at our hotel in the future. ReceptionEGAWA
Very central- handy for train station, Cardiff Arena and shopping We chose a "Business Class" room and the complimentary bar and snacks from 6-8pm was very good
Dear D, Thank you for your review left on this website. We were really pleased that we were able to exceed your expectations and make your stay so special. We have shared your feedback with the team and they thank you in return for your kind words. We look forward to welcoming you very soon. Yours sincerely, Sameer Gangoli Front Office Manager Radisson Blu Cardiff
Location is very good
Dear Guest,   Thank you for sharing your feedback with the Booking.com Community.   I am very pleased that you had a great stay with us finding our location to have been convenient for your needs. Once again thank you for your recommendation and we look forward to welcoming you back in the not so distant future. Warm Regards,   Ivo Tzvetkov Cluster Director of Operations
Absolutely amazing everything
Dear Rosie, Thank you for your review left on this website. We were really pleased that we were able to exceed your expectations and make your stay so special. We have shared your feedback with the team and they thank you in return for your kind words. We look forward to welcoming you very soon. Yours sincerely, Sameer Gangoli Front Office Manager Radisson Blu Cardiff
Basically everything.  The style of the hotel is really great.  The breakfast is really good, good quality food, really really nice coffe (order from the bar).  The wifi was good in my room, and also throuout the hotel. The location is near a metro station, its easy to get to the center. I loved this hotel honestly and i will stay here again for sure. The staff cares that you have a good stay, i really liked that. Thumbs up from me! :)
Dear Nikola, Thank you so much for sharing your experiences and taking the time to do so.  We are delighted to hear that you liked our new style and that our breakfast lived up to your expectations. We are also glad you enjoyed our location. Hotel Arena is in the border of the city center and it has a lot to offer. From restaurants to small shops, cafes and parks.  It was a pleasure welcoming you and we look forward to seeing you again at the hotel.  Should you need any future assistance, please do not hesitate in contacting us.  Warm regards,  Team Hotel Arena.
Very beautiful hotel area and private pool for Falaj guests Service was extremely polite and friendly and therefore we decided to prolong our stay and enjoy hotel and the city a bit longer [strong]Breakfast[/strong] was delicious with a large variety of different cusines Freshly brewed espresso is a good way to start a day
Dear Veiko, Thank you very much for your kind words and the excellent score. We are glad you did have an excellent stay. We do look forward to welcome you back once more, hopefully soon. Sincerely yours The Al Ain Rotana Team
Breakfast
Thanks for the excellent ratings Ross and delighted to read you loved the breakfast - our culinary team will also be pleased. Look forward to welcoming you again and please let me know if I can be of any help. Regards, Sholto Smith, General Manager
PERFECT
Dear Emily, Thank you for taking your time in writing us this feedback. We’re thrilled that overall you enjoyed your stay at Artotel Sanur and we were hoping that you will come back to return in not so far distant.  We Heart You Goya A. Mahmud General Manager
Staff was really helpful and they gave us best they could considering our request. Also, they gave us superior room without extra charge which was really nice :)
Thank you Petra!
The staff in here is simply the best I stay here a lot and feeling like at home Special thank you to Angie, Dipakshi and all the rest of the staff It is always pleasure to be back
Dear Ms. Irina,  Thank you for sharing your most encouraging feedback with the Booking.com Community.   I am delighted that you had a positive overall stay with us and describing you felt at home during your stay. I am very proud to read that you have described our family members as the best.  I totally agreed with you that our staff does have a wonderful service mindset especially Angie and Depakshi, rest assure that I will be sure to pass on your compliments to the team personally and we look forward to welcoming you back for another visit in the near future.   Sincerely yours,  Guzman Muela General Manager
Extra fluffy pillowsWell equiped gymLovely decorations
Dear Ebi, Thank you for the great review, we are so pleased that you had a very nice experience with us. We are all looking forward to welcoming you back. Best regards,
Spacious room
Dear  Thank you very much for reviewing us, it is awesome to know that you had a great experience. We are all looking forward to welcoming you back. Best regards,
Perfect views, roomy, wonderful ambience all around Ray, the luggage attendant was most helpful We even had a late check out of 3pm
Dear Juanita, Thank you for the wonderful review, it is great to know that you had a good experience with us. Your kind comments will certainly be shared with Ray. We are all looking forward to welcoming you back. Best regards,
Friendly and accommodating A very nice stay
Hello Mary, - We are super thrilled to hear you enjoyed your stay. Thanks so much for sharing your feedback with future travelers. Wr hope to see you again soon. -Sincerely, Pablo Migoya
Modern, nice hotel, friendly service
Hello, thank you for your comment since it is important to us and it is a pleasure to resuscitate and attend to them.
The location of the apartment very good The staff was smart and smiling all the time
Dear Guest,   Thank you for taking the time to post your valuable comments on Booking.com.   I am delighted to read your positive feedback, and that you found us to have been Excellent and that our location was convenient for your needs.   I am very proud to read that you have described our family members as smart and pleasant and that they contributed positively to your stay.   Once again thank you for your recommendation and we look forward to welcoming you back in the not so distant future.   Warm Regards,   Ivo Tzvetkov Cluster Director of Operations
The bed is very comfortable and staff is very helpful
Dear will827, thank you for the positive review. We are glad to hear that you enjoyed a memorable hotel experience and hope you will return to visit us again the near future.
i loved all the staff in your hotel they were all so friendly and accommodating.  They could teach many other hotels around the world a thing or two
Dear Mr. Robyn, Thank you for sharing your experience from your recent stay with us at Gloria Hotel on Booking. com. It was a pleasure having you as our guest. Your kind words of appreciation are a great encouragement for the entire hotel team. Please rest assured that your generous comments have been shared with our team. Delivering warm hospitality service to our guests is our main goal and it is truly rewarding for us to read that we have received it. We sincerely hope that we will have the opportunity to welcome you back to our property in the near future. Kind regards, Gloria Hotel Management
Excellent service Very Comfortable bed Great bathroom
Dear Vamospete, Warm greetings and thank you for having chosen the Renaissance Bangkok Ratchaprasong as the hotel of choice for your recent stay. I appreciate you taking the time to provide us with your valuable feedback. I am delighted to learn that you impressed with our hotel location, staff service and hotel facilities especially bed and great bathroom. We do hope that you will allow us to welcome you back to our hotel as our valued guest in the future. Best regards, Daniel Zygmunt Director of Rooms Operations
every thing
EVERYTHING... one word really sums it up. Thank you! I hope to see you again soon. Kind regards, Suzanne Staples, Guest Services.
Good conference facilities
I am glad you enjoyed the conference facilities at the hotel! 1 of 9 meeting rooms, accommodating 2 to 200 people. A meeting room to suit all needs.... Hope to see you again. Kind regards, Suzanne Staples, Conference &amp; Sales Manager.
Staff were all helpful and friendly
Dear Chris, Thank you for sharing your lovely comments with us! We truly hope we may welcome you back soon! Best regards, Mario Utassy Guest Relations Manager
Location and the music in the lounge
Dear Raymond,   An essential ingredient for a great time in the French Quarter is some great jazz music and we are thrilled to read that you enjoyed the various shows featured in our Jazz Playhouse. It was a joy to welcome you and we hope that you can settle in again in the weeks and months ahead.   Yours in Hospitality,   Royal Sonesta New Orleans
After learning that we were staying for our wedding night, the staff went out of their way to ensure our stay was special
Hi Bec, Congratulations on your marriage and thank you for the wonderful recommendation! I am so pleased to hear that our team helped make your night an extra special one. We hope you enjoy the honeymoon and we look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel in the future. Kind regards, Alex B - Guest Relations &amp; Services Manager
The staff were extraordinarily helpful and friendly The concierge team under Ron were marvellous in the way they were willing to help us with whatever we wanted to do in Amsterdam
Dear Euripides, It was a pleasure to have you staying with us at Pulitzer Amsterdam. Your praising words about our extraordinarily helpful and friendly staff are a great motivation for our entire team. I will definitely share this with them! Besides that, your positive comment about our knowledgeable concierge team and about our concierge Ron are much appreciated. I would like to thank you on behalf of our concierge team. The concierges and the rest of the Pulitzer staff is looking forward to welcome you back again in the future. With warm regards, Alexander van Gastel General Manager
Perfect location
Dear Sylvie, thank you very much for staying at K+K Hotel Opera and taking your time to leave us a comment. We look forward to welcoming you in our Hotel again! Kind regards, Dániel Horváth (Reservation Manager)
Great value in a central [strong]location[/strong] with very friendly staff
Dear James, thank you very much for staying at K+K Hotel Opera, we really appreciate your business. We are really happy to know that you enjoyed your stay with us. We hope, for your next trip to Budapest you are going to choose our Hotel again. Kind regards, Dániel Horváth (Reservation Manager)
All was very very good staff are very good but strict little  bid should be little more warm
Dear Majd, first of all thank you very much for choosing K+K Hotel Opera. We really appreciate your business and your kind comment as well, which helps us to improve our services. We hope, we can welcome you again in our Hotel in the near future. Kind regards, Dániel Horváth (Reservation Manager)
Staff were friendly and accommodating The breakfast was nice The location is good The room was spacious and clean
Dear Sara, Thank you very much for taking the time to share your recent experience with us! I am delighted to hear you enjoyed your time with us. It is really great to know that our efforts are paying off. It will be our pleasure to welcome you back again! Sincerely, Philippe Pellaud General Manager
Location and accessibility are exceptional: walk to the Market, restaurants, theatres, subway, business district, and easy to find - just off the Expressway
Thank you for your great review, Skip! Were so glad you enjoyed our hotel and its location. We hope you visit us again soon!
Enjoy the nice scenery
Dear Mr. Laye Wah, Thank you for taking your time to positively review and rate us!   We are happy to know that you had a pleasant stay at our hotel and enjoyed the view. We look forward to welcoming you again soon!                              Best Regards, Ramzy A. Faris, General Manager
Loved the hotel bar - very cofy and cosy Room was spacious with a fully functioning kitchen
Dear Ms. Julie, Thank you for taking your time to excellently review and rate us! We are truly delighted that you experienced a comfortable stay with us. It makes us happy to know that you enjoyed our spacious rooms and venues.  We look forward to welcoming you again soon!                                Best Regards, Ramzy A. Faris, General Manager
Sea view is excellent
Dear Tingting, Thank you very much for your feedback. Were very happy to hear that you have enjoyed your stay. We wish to welcome you again on your next trip to the city. Warmest Regards Mustafa Gultekin General Menager
Awesome [strong]location[/strong] and harbour view
Dear Shailesh,  Thank you very much for your comments. Were very happy to hear that youve enjoyed our hotel and wish to have the pleasure of welcoming you again.  Sincerely,  Mustafa Gültekin General Manager
Very nice room, with king-sized bed, very comfortable matress and pillows Good WiFi signal quality
Thank you for taking the time to tell us about your experience. We are very happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us. Come visit us again in the near future.
Staff are very nice and helpful
Dear Sir,  Thank you for your comments about your stay in Hotel Ilunion Málaga and the possitive assessment you make about attention received by our staff. The satisfaction of our customers is our main goal, therefore opinions like yours, impulse us to continue growing and improving to make the experiences of our customers unforgettable. Looking forward to see you soon in Málaga or in any of our establishments in Spain. Yours sincerely, Mar Almagro. Director Hotel.
The location of the hotel was excellent to York  The staff in the hotel was very helpful and pleasant The food at the hotel was excellent
Dear Roy,  Thank you for completing the review regarding your recent stay with us at our property. Your business is important to us and we value the feedback so we can keep delivering high standards of service and improve the overall experience in the future. I am pleased you liked the hotels location and found the staff helpful. Very pleased you were able to dine with us and enjoyed the food you had. Thank you again and hope to see you back soon. Kind regards,  Gary Auker  Guest Relations Manager
Location was excellent for walking To all the shops and tourist attractions
Dear Graham,  Thank you for completing the review regarding your recent stay with us at our property. Your business is important to us and we value the feedback so we can keep delivering high standards of service and improve the overall experience in the future. I am pleased you found our hotels location convenient for visiting York and all it has to offer! Thank you again and hope to see you back soon. Kind regards,  Gary Auker  Guest Relations Manager
Staff were extremely customer oriented Especially Cristian in concierge
Lydia! Thank you for reviewing us on Booking. We are delighted to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us and that we ticked all the boxes for a lovely stay in Bariloche! On behalf of Cristan and of all of us, lets toast to your return!
staff friendliness and helpfulness size of room
Hi Paul, we are with wide smiles as we go through your comments That is more particularly because the customer service in which we ourselves take pride with, was also able to impress you during your stay. Thank you for being our guest!
Very clean room, lots of space for 2 people with big luggages, very good location (grand palace in 15 mins walking and 5 mins to train station)
Thank you for the great review Yok! Were delighted to see you enjoyed your stay with us!
It was just wonderful  The room The location  And the service  Love it
Esteemed Customer ,   Thank you to share your opinion about your stay at Boscolo, Milano Autograph : feedback of our customers are very important to us, as they help us to improve and offer more excellent services and your exquisite evaluation honoured us and gave us the chance to understand that we are on the right way . For us it is a big pride to know that our customers are satisfied and again we thank you very much even on behalf of the complete staff . We hope to have you soon as our special guest .                         Renewing the thanks we send you our best regards
Very stylish and cool hotel Clean, friendly and idally located
Dear London_frequent_visitor, Thank you! We love that youre a fan! Its great to know you had a fabulous time with us and that you enjoyed our quirky, original style and our gorgeous and pristine rooms. Looking forward to welcoming you back again soon. Very best wishes, The Team
Bed was comfy, and room was quiet
Dear Ms.Elizabeth, Thank you for choosing to stay at APX World Square and for taking out time to share your feedback on Booking.com. APX Darling Harbour is conveniently located in the heart of Sydney’s entertainment district which makes it easy for our guests to explore all that the city has to offer.  The team is happy to learn that you were very impressed with our overall service and facilities and we would like to let you know that it was a pleasure to be at your service during your stay. We value your patronage and look forward to the pleasure of welcoming you back again. Yours Sincerely, Karina K. Guest Relations Manager
Whiskey bar Library Staff excellent
Dear Guest,   It was a treat to find your wonderful review and we thank you for taking the time to share. We are thrilled that you enjoyed yourself at The Next Whisky Bar and we hope that you will soon be back to see us again.   Warm Regards,   The Watergate Hotel
Staff really helpful, got a good price through booking.com. Brilliant location
Hi Michael, thank you for choosing to stay with us at Citadines on Bourke Melbourne, and taking advantage of our special offers. Be sure to sign up as an Ascott Online Member to receive even more special offers! Our friendly Guest Service Team look forward to welcoming you back. Kind regards - Vaia Lambrou, Assistant Guest Service Manager
My girlfriends and I have stayed here the last four years for our annual girls weekend reunion We stay in a two bedroom, two bathroom apartment which suits the 4 of us We like Citadinnes on Bourke because of its central location - close to theatres, restaurants, pubs, trams and the Bourke St Mall for shopping The Casino is only a short tram ride away And staff are always friendly and accommodating
Hi Jenice, its always a pleasure to welcome you and your friends for your reunion! Its wonderful to hear that Citadines on Bourke Melbourne allows you to fully enjoy all that our amazing city has to offer. We look forward to welcoming you and the girls back next year. Kind regards - Vaia Lambrou, Assistant Guest Service Manager
A very well placed stylish and comfortable hotel  All the staff were charming and super helpful
Dear Guest,   We are delighted that you felt so spoiled and we thank you for sharing such a radiant review. It was a pleasure to welcome you and we hope to do so again one day soon.   Warm Regards,   The Watergate Hotel
The food in Benjarong was super
Dear Tan Cheng,  Thank you for your kind words. To welcome you back here in Dusit is our pleasure.  Warmest Regards,  Prateek Kumar
Hotel staff during check-in was so pleasant Treatment was like family  The hotel staff named Aldrin was very good
Dear John, Thank you for sharing your feedback with us. Rest assured I have personally thanked Aldrin and the team for looking after you throughout your stay.  We look forward to welcoming you back.  My best,  Stuart General Manager
Everything about the property & most of all, [strong]location[/strong], [strong]location[/strong] [strong]Location[/strong]
Dear James,  Thank you for your excellent review. I truly appreciate your kind words and will definitely share this with my team. I look forward to welcoming you again at Makati Shangri-La, Manila. Sincerely, Alain Borgers, Area Manager General Manager
I love the view of my room
Thank you so much for your review. We are glad to hear your stay with us was pleasant. We definitely hope to see you again, warm regards.
Everything
Dear Jacqueline, Thank you for taking the time to write this review on your recent trip to Jurys Inn Belfast. I am delighted that your visit to the hotel was an enjoyable one and hope we can welcome you back. Kind regards, Stephen McMullan, Deputy General Manager
The hotel is wonderful and the staff gave me an excellent example of customer orientation I will definitely come back Best hotel in Madrid I ever stayed
Dear Franco,  Thank you for staying with us and dedicate some minutes to value your experience. All the team will be glad to know they have provide you with an excellent guest service, we all work very hard to keep high satisfaction standards. We are happy to know you will come back. Looking forward to see you in your next vist to Madrid.  All the best,  Barceló Emperatriz Team
Nice hotel with located at central city , nice food as well
Dear Ms Kurisara, Marvelous Spirit from THE HAVEN Bali Seminyak......Naturally Elegant! Its really pleasure to have you stay at The Haven Bali Seminyak and thank you for your time to give us your short and positive review thru this media online. We are happy to know that you were satisfy stayed with us where you gave value of 8.8 out of the maximum value of 10 where you found our nice hotel, nice food and great location. We are so thankful to you who takes the time to share your feelings. We look forward to see you soon again at The Haven Bali Seminyak in the near future. Havenly Yours, Marak Setiadi, General Manager
Wonderful hotel Great staff Splendid rooms
Dear Andrew on behalf of the entire team here at The Athenaeum we would like to thank you for such a wonderful review of the hotel and we do hope to see you again soon. kind regards Wayne Kerrin Hotel Manager
Good environment with friendly staffs, Altogether very good
Dear Boktiar, Thank you for your feedback and for taking the time to share your experience during your recent stay in our hotel.  We are delighted to receive such a positive review from you. Our aim is offering great service to our guests, and we will try our best to achieve it.  Look forward to your next stay!  Sincerely, Jesper Henriksen General Manager Radisson Blu Hotel, Beijing
Nice hotel and staff
Dear Mr. Ibrinet, We would like to thank you for choosing Swiss-Belhotel Sharjah and for reviewing your recent experience with us. It is always a pleasure &amp; encouraging reading a positive feedback from our valued guest, such as yourselves and we are glad that overall you enjoyed Swiss-Belhotel Sharjah cordiality. Once again thank you and I do hope to have an opportunity of welcoming you back again and enjoy Swiss-Belhotel Sharjah hospitality and more.  Yours sincerely,  Mohamed Ali General Manager
We originally booked the Baiyock Sky hotel but it was like a circus when we arrived  Tired and in need of updating and full of tourists  We had to queue (and I mean queue like at a theme park) just to get a lift to our room  We have stayed at the Amari before so It wasn't long before I checked out the Baiyock Sky hotel and checked into this lovely Amari Watergate hotel  Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and the location is fabulous  Pool and spa areas are fabulous
Thank you for choosing Amari Watergate Bangkok. Nice to hear that you enjoy the stay. Look forward to welcoming you here again in the near future.
Love the steam room and sauna every day great pool too
Thank you for your comments and nice to learn that you love our facilities.
Every aspect
Dear Mr. Praween Greetings from Al Khoory Hotel Apartments - Al Barsha! Thank you for staying with us and for giving us a perfect rating. I am delighted to hear that you were very pleased with your experience and thank you for taking the time sharing it. I am happy to hear that you enjoyed the hotel facilities and all we have to offer. Thank you again for staying with us and look forward to welcoming you back.  Kind regards,  Graham Jeff Isaacs Hotel Manager
The pillows were unbelievable, best nights sleep in a long time Of course the bar helped with that
Dear Guest, Thanks for your feedback! I was very happy to hear that you liked our pillows and had a good nights sleep here. We all hope to see you again soon! Best regards, John Clifton, General Manager
Comfortable clean recently refurbished Very quiet and excellent location
Dear Simon, Many thanks for the kind review. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future. Kind regards Hotel Manager.
Excellent location Comfortable bed
Dear Anita, Thank you for choosing the Hilton London Tower Bridge whilst staying in London and thank you for sharing your observations via Booking.com. I was happy to read that you have enjoyed all aspects of your stay with us.  I am looking forward to welcome you back in the nearest future and please do not hesitate to recommend us to your friends and family. Kindest regards, Anna PA to General Manager
We stayed in the Manor House rooms and loved that we could see wildebeest, rhinos, springbok ad zebras grazing very close to our room/ pool We also loved the game drive and horse outrider (for experienced riders)  The game drive covers more distance so you will see a ton of animals, and the horseback ride allowed us to see animals away from the roads and close up The food was excellent, try eating ostrich or wildebeest steak (I hear the alligator tail was a big hit with the kids too)  Beautiful facilities and grounds as well
Glad you enjoyed your stay in our Manor House. Looking forward welcoming you back
Superb staff, delicious and great range of food, brilliant location and awesome wildlife
Thank you for the wonderful comments!
Rooms were clean, everything provided to a hotel rating, friendly staff. Good [strong]location[/strong]
Dear Guest,  Greetings from Dorsett Kuala Lumpur! Thank you so much for staying with us and we truly appreciate your review on your stay experience with us. Me and my team is looking forward to your return stay for another remarkable Dorsett experience.  Thanks &amp; warm regards,  Christina Toh  Area General Manager
Very friendly and efficient staff Good value for money
Dear Joan Thank you for your review of the hotel, I am very pleased you found the staff friendly and the hotel good value for money. I look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel again in the near future. Kind Regards Gemma Berry Operations Manager
Liked the parking close to hotel and the rooms are always comfortable
Dear Keith Thank you for your review of the hotel, I am pleased you enjoyed your stay with us and I hope we welcome you back to stay with us again in the near future. Kind Regards Gemma Berry Operations Manager
Good hotel and price
Dear Guest,  Greetings from Ramada Chelsea Hotel Al Barsha! Thank you for taking time to share your feedback during your stay with us and we look forward to welcome you again on your next visit.  Sincerely yours,  Ramada Chelsea Hotel Al Barsha
Staff polite, friendly and efficient Rooms very comfortable, huge bed!! Great [strong]location[/strong]
Dear Chrissy Thank you for your review of the hotel, I am pleased you enjoyed your stay with us and i hope we welcome you back to the hotel again in the future. Kind Regards Gemma Berry Operations Manager
First class staff and beautiful hotel in a stunning city Superb restaurant
Thank you for sharing how your stay was with us. We are glad to know you had a wonderful stay with us and we hope y welcome you again when you return to Salamanca.
Staff was great and very helpful
Dear Mr. Harbans. Thank you for taking some of your time to qualify our Hotel. We found that your stay with us meet your expectations. We would like to have you again soon. Sincerely, Adriana M. Pinilla C. Front Desk Manager Atton Bogota 93 Hotel
Nice and polite staff Had quality time Amazing location and sea view
Dear Mr Hayreddin, First of all we would like to thank you very much for taking the time and commenting on our services; we really appreciate it and value our esteemed guests opinion such as yours very much. Your feedback encourage us towards our aim to deliver, heartfelt, genuine care, personalized and uncompromising service in all guest interactions. These comments such as yours are the best tool for us not only to maintain but further improve our quality and service. It was and will always be our pleasure to ensure your comfort and we look very much forward to welcoming you back at the Rixos Pera İstanbul each time you visit Istanbul. Best regards, Rixos
Clean and spacious
Dear Gordon, Thank you very much for your review of your stay at Hotel Panorama by Rhombus! We are delighted that you had a satisfactory staying with us due to our spacious room. Please be assured that your rating on services and facilities will be further shared with concerned departments for further improvements after the review. Look forward to welcoming you back to Hotel Panorama by Rhombus soon! Warm regards, Christina Liang Rhombus Group
Great location and very friendly, informative staff! Design very modern which added to comfort factors
Dear Emma, thank you for your lovely comment about the staff, we are happy you enjoyed your holiday. Kind regards, Nina Ferdova, Guest relations
Their services is awesome, they park the car for you, wifi fast, quick service 24hrs, breakfast cool
Dear Abdullah, Thank you for sharing your review here on Booking.Com. We are glad that you had a good time during your stay. We definitely look forward to welcome you back again soon. Best Regards, City Seasons Hotel Dubai Team
Very friendly staff The location is very convenient, a metro station is very near, just next to the Deira city center
Dear Ehab, Thank you for taking the time to write your review here on Booking.Com and it is really such a pleasure to know that you enjoyed your overall experience. We definitely look forward to welcome you back again soon.  Best Regards, City Seasons Hotel Dubai Team
Staff were excellent and went out of their way to help
Dear Guest,  Greetings from Doubletree by Hilton Goa - Arpora - Baga!    Thank you for the feedback provided post your recent stay at our hotel and appreciating the staff.   It is a pleasure to know that you enjoyed your stay at the hotel. We look forward to welcoming you back in not too distant future.    Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance till then.    Sincerely,  Roopa Singh Front Office Manager  DoubleTree by Hilton Goa - Arpora – Baga
The bed was very comfy and the staff were very accommodating, friendly and polite
Thank you very much for taking the time to review our property, and we looking forward to welcoming you on your next holiday
The shower was fantastic and bed was super comfy. Food very good atmosphere great a wonderful getaway
Hi John, Our showers prove to be a very popular assets to the hotel! Hope to welcome you back again very soon! Bríd, Guest Relations
I didn't have breakfast at the hotel 😊
Hi Sheh,  Thank you very much for your nice comments and hope to welcome you to Citadines Sukhumvit 11 agian soon. Kind regards, Bussara Ninpedcharat Guest Service Manager
Extremely clean and great staff
Dear Jumeriah, Thank you for choosing to stay at Ramee International Hotel, Juffair and it was indeed a great pleasure having you with us. We are indeed very happy to hear that you have truly enjoyed your stay and were satisfied with the service and facilities provided at the hotel. We are truly delighted to know that you liked our room &amp; friendliness of the staff. Your positive feedback is a foundation of motivation for us as we try to achieve even higher standards of service. We look forward to welcoming you back to Ramee International Hotel in the future. Best Regards, Ramee Management
Location and services
Dear Marwan, Thank your for staying at First Central Hotel. We appreciate sharing your feedback to us, We are happy to know that you like the location and services. we hope that you arrived safe to your destination. once again we are looking forward to welcome you again. Regards, Rexer Aujero Front Office Manager
This is a very good value for money property in Dubai We would definitely stay here again
Dear Mr. Robert, Thank your for staying at First Central Hotel. We appreciate sharing your feedback to us, We are happy to know that you like the property, definitely your positive comments will boost the energy of our team to serve you better. We are looking forward to welcome you again. Regards, Rexer Aujero Front Office Manager
A very comfortable hotel, excellently located in Sandton, Johannesburg's new business centre, and only a few steps from the Gautrain, which takes you to and from the airport in a wink (15 minutes) Excellent [strong]breakfast[/strong] Perhaps because Joburg isn't particularly noted as a tourist city, my wife and I were two of the very few tourists among mainly business guests
Dear Sergio, (BR) Thank you for sharing your experience at the Radisson Blu Gautrain Hotel through Booking.com With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations however based on your feedback and overall satisfaction rating of “8.8” we see that there is room for improvement. Every process put in place is aimed at providing you with an unforgettable hotel experience whether travelling on business or pleasure and should you be travelling back to Johannesburg please feel free to contact our qualified travel desk team to assist with tourist excursions in and around Johannesburg.  Thank you once again for staying at the Radisson Blu Gautrain Hotel and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel needs bring you back to Sandton. Yours in Hospitality  Werner Geere General Manager
Very friendly staff
Dear Miroslav, Thank you very much for taking the time to review our property. We work hard to make sure our guests enjoy their stay at our hotel so your positive feedback is greatly appreciated. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future.  Sincerely, Sean Steenson Hotel Manager
Comfy beds. Excellent and friendly staff. Great food
Dear Heather,  Thank you for sharing your opinion about your stay with us. We are happy that you enjoyed the beds, the service and the food. Come back soon!
Our suite was superb Comfortable huge bed, two showers in the large bathroom and an amazing terrace complete with sun beds
Dear Sally, We are happy to read that you enjoyed your stay in our penthouse suites and do hope to see you again soon. Thanks for reviewing us.
Club room afternoon tea and [strong]breakfast[/strong] are worthwhile
Dear Anonymous, Thank you for your excellent feedback on Orchard Hotel Singapore. It is indeed pleasure to read your comment that you had enjoyed our club lounge. In the meanwhile, we all look forward to serving you in the not too distance. Warm Regards, Delilah Hamid Guest Experience Manager
Great view
Armando, thank you for the wonderful review. Were glad you enjoyed the Mission Bay views and look forward to welcoming you back to Paradise Point again soon!
Clean bathroom, comfortable bed and room
Dear Neil, We are glad to learn that you had a fantastic experience with us and we look forward to welcoming you back again soon. Warm regards, Aakanksha Front Office Manager Avari Dubai Hotel
The hotel is not big Very well decorated and cozy  Helpful and friendly staff,  especially Marcelo in front desk The room and bath room perfects and with a beautiful view over the Arno River (Premium Deluxe Double Room with River View)  The bed and pillows were very comfortable Excelente breakfast If taken in the room no fee was charge (is unusual nowadays)  Private butler  And a curiosity: there is a television set in the bathroom mirror First time we saw this kind of TV
Dear Tereza,  allow me to thank you to have share your opinion with the web community, regarding your stay in our hotel. Please be sure that we will share with Marcelo, how he made your stay with his help and professionalism. We really hope to have the chance to have you back at the St Regis Florence in the nearest future, in the meantime I send you my best regards. Sincerely Viviana Cannella, The Head Butler
Great staff, beautiful room and excellent location Top marks
Dear Linn, I was so pleased to read your review of your recent stay with us at The Granados 83 Hotel. I am really happy to read that your general evaluation was excellent. I will be sure to share all your kind words and comments regarding our team who gave you exemplary service with their excellent attitude. Here at The Granados 83 Hotel, we believe that first impressions are lasting impressions, so for me to read that you had a warm welcome and very helpful staff is ever so rewarding for the team and I. All the Team look forward to your future visit to Barcelona, and we will do our best to make your stay at the Granados 83 &quot;fantastic&quot; and over all the Barcelona an unique experience. Thank you again for taking the time to leave this feedback and we all hope that you will join us again in the near future or in other Derby Hotels Collection property. My best regards, Alberto
Due to aircon not working,we were placed in another room
Dear Grant, thank you very much for your review. I am happy to see that what started off as a problem was solved up to your satisfaction. The team and I look forward to welcoming you soon back. Regards, Federico Solchi Front Office Manager
Comfortable spacious room with good air conditioning Slept very well ! Close to station and shops
Dear Sarah, Thank you for taking the time to rate your recent stay at Mantra Parramatta. It is great to hear that you enjoyed a comfortable, spacious room and with good air conditioning which would have certainly helped during this recent warm weather! Thank you again for the fantastic review and I hope we see you again soon. Kind Regards, Tim Emslie Assistant Manager
Room large, comfy and clean  [strong]Breakfast[/strong] choice excellent
Dear guest, thank you for taking the time to write a review on your stay. Thank you for your kind words about our rooms and the breakfast you had in The RBG I will pass this on to our housekeeping team and the RBG team. We hope to welcome you back to the Park Inn by Radisson, Belfast in the very near future. Warmest Regards  Adam (Front office Assistant)
Staff was wonderful
Greetings Joseph, We appreciate the rave review and we thank you for any recommendations you might share. Please plan to join us again when your travels bring you back to Boston.  Intuitively Yours, Copley Square Hotel
The staff were so friendly and they do a dance, exercise thing in the morning for 5 mins They seem to love working there and they create a great atmosphere Our whole family loved it We may be back in September Easy to walk to restaurants and shops Taxis to other areas are cheap Pool nice and long for laps or walking exercise
Dear Deborah,  Many thanks on your great review. We are thrilled your stay with us was perfect. Thank you for your compliments on our staff and facilities. It is very important for us to know that our guests feel comfortable. It is the essence of a holiday and this kind of feedback is most valuable to us. Thank you for choosing Harris Hotel Seminyak and hope to see you again soon. Yours sincerely,  Front Office Manager
Super freundliches Personal
Dear Michelle,  Greetings from Harris Hotel Seminyak and thank you on your encouraging and supportive review! It is great and heart-warming to read of your experience during your stay with us and we are so pleased we were able to make your holiday a memorable success. It makes all our hard work and effort worthwhile and sincere thank you on your kind words.  We hope we will have the pleasure of greeting you again! Yours sincerely,  Front Office Manager
Wonderful staff and service Great location Very comfortable rooms, reasonably priced Overall very good value for money”
Dear Tan,  Many thanks on your great review. We are thrilled your stay with us was perfect. Thank you for your compliments on our staff and facilities. It is very important for us to know that our guests feel comfortable. It is the essence of a holiday and this kind of feedback is most valuable to us. Thank you for choosing Harris Hotel Seminyak and hope to see you again soon. Yours sincerely,  Front Office Manager
It was great
Hi Gillian, That is &quot;Great&quot; to hear!!! Glad that you and your fellow Gunner fans had a good weekend! Mike Front Office Manager
Reception staff, especially Aisha 😊 And facilities
Hi Anonymous, Thank you so much for your review - please know, Iesha walked in just as I began to respond and you really made her day! Its always great to hear that the effort gets noticed. Hope you are having a great day too! Mike Front Office Manager
Everything The staff, facility, comfort is very good Had an excelent experience to stay in this hotel
Dear Taufiq,  Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to welcome you again very soon.  Warm regards,  Jan Seelen  Guest Experience Manager
Very lovely htel and friendly staff. Bed was extremely comfortable loved every minute of my stay
Dear Niamh,  We are delighted to read your 1010 review! I will be sure to share your kind words with the team members across the hotel. Rest assured that they will be recognized for their hard work! It is fantastic that you loved every minute of your stay and we are looking forward to your next visit already! See you soon! Sean Sinclair Rooms Division Manager Trinity City Hotel
The location was great, close to everything Breakfast was really good Staff were very friendly and helpful
Dear Michelle,  Thank you very much for taking the time to share your feedback online! I will make sure that your positive comments are cascaded to our team members! We hope to remain your hotel of choice for all your future trips to Dublin.  Kindest Regards,  Sean Sinclair Rooms Division Manager Trinity City Hotel
I experienced all of the staff as warm, friendly and helpful, but the staff I encountered at reception...Celine, Yolanda and Francesca were outstanding, a credit to themselves and this hotel. Location, décor, ambiance, food ,rooms, comfort....all excellent 
Dear Geraldine,  Thank you very much for taking the time to share your experience from your recent trip to the Trinity City Hotel. We are delighted that you had an enjoyable stay with us. I will be sure to single out Celine, Yolanda and Francesca for the fantastic service they provided you.  Hopefully we can welcome you back to the Trinity City Hotel in the not so distant future.  Kindest Regards,  Sean Sinclair Rooms Division Manager Trinity City Hotel
The staff were very helpful  The suite was spacious, comfortable and well decorated I was especially happy with the suite upgrade We enjoyed having the [strong]breakfast[/strong] included in the price of the suite
Hi there Margaret and thank you very much for being our guest! We couldnt be happier you had such a wonderful experience at The Lombardy. Your satisfaction is very important to us because our primary goal is to make everyone feel home away from home. We thank you again for your patronage and we look forward to spoiling you some more when you return to New York.
Super comfy bed. Didn't want to get out. The self service breakfast was brilliant
Dear Donal Thank you for your feedback during your recent stay, its wonderful to know that you had a great night and found our beds to be really comfortable for that good nights sleep thank you for your kind comments. A warm welcome awaits your next return visit to The Crowne Plaza Belfast. Regards Geraldine McLarnon
Really nice little Pub right AT the Hotel
Thank you for your feedback. Regards Geraldine McLarnon
Very good view and very good service  I like the special reseption for the park prestige suites  Thanks a lot and I want to thank mss Filiz for her efforts  Regards
Dear Guest, &lt;br&gt; Thank you very much for your positive comments on your experience during your recent stay at the CVK Park Bosphorus Hotel. Please be assured you that we will continue our efforts to make our guests satisfied and to experience a comfortable stay with us. We are looking forward to your next visit in the near future. &lt;br&gt; Best regards &lt;br&gt; CVK Park Bosphorus Hotel Management
We came for a long weekend in Madrid.  The hotel is beautifully designed, premium room is very comfortable and nice.  The staff was very welcoming, helped us with recommendations, restaurants reservations, directions and anything we needed and always with lots of patience and a smile. Breakfast was great and the service was excellent. The hotel's location was very good. Close to the city's attractions and in a small street. Definitely recommended
Dear Koubi, thank you very much for your lovely review! We are really happy to know we reunited all the things one needs to have a nice vacation: comfortable beds, nice staff, good location!! We hope to see you very soon again! Best wishes, Guest Relations Manager
Every Thing
Thank you for taking the time to leave us such an awesome review! We are so thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your stay here with us. We hope that we have the chance to see you again in the future! Best Regards, Kathryn Castro, Assistant GM
Everything perfect
Dear Valued Guest,  Thank you very much for selecting Heritance Kandalama as your holiday destination and thank you for sharing your compliments with us.  We warmly invite you all to visit us again for superior services and facilities.  Yours Sincerely, Priyan Wijeratne, General Manager, Heritance Kandalama.
great location,  convenient equipment, tidy bedroom
Dear Mr or Ms Yu Chun,  Thank you for the stay at Hotel Mystays Kyoto Shijo. We are delighted to hear about your satisfaction of the hotel. As it is written, our hotel has a good location which makes easy to travel around Kyoto city for site seeing. We promise that our location of the hotel will provide a fantastic time in Kyoto to our valuable guests. It is great to hear that you will return happily to the Hotel and spend your time with us. We look forward to see you in the future again. Best Regards,  Front staff Akiyuki Kaneko
The facility and room were very clean  The staff was helpful and friendly
Cara, thank you for your kind feedback we hope to see you back soon! - Front Office Manager
The size of the room was huge and so was the bathroom
Dear Elizabeth, Thank you for your review. I am delighted you were impressed with the size of your room and so pleased you had a great stay. Please do come back again soon. Kind regards Marie Fagan General Manager
Loved the pool, room very quiet, restaurant on site. Close to orchard road
Dear Kendall, thank you for taking time to review for Treetops.The pleasure is ours to be able to serve you . We are glad that you have enjoyed all that we have to offer, including our services，facilities, and proximity to Orchard Road. We definitely look forward to welcoming you back in the near future!
the staffs are all friendly and accomodating, the breakfast is so good. The facilities really entertained us(pool,billiards,kids corner).. 😊
Dear Pearl, We very much appreciate your comments regarding your stay at the Novotel Abu Dhabi Gate. We are very thankful for the sincere reviews about the stay and the praise of are staff and their hospitality along with the facilities that we provide and we look forward to have the pleasure of your company in the near future.  Thanks and best regards Nicola Hochgruber General Manager
THE LOCATION, FRIENDLY ATMOSPHERE, DELICIOUS FOODJUST A FEW REASON WE LIKE THIS HOTEL
Thank you for your recent stay, so happy that you had a fun time here with us!
Wonderful room, great view, best restaurant ever Can't wait to go back
Dear Mr Arzu, many thanks for your kind review. We look forward to welcoming you back again soon. Best regards Guest relation Dept
Bed is not comfortable :..your body sink in bed
Dear Mr. Gajendra, Greetings! Thank you for sharing your valuable feedback. We have noted the points for improvement.  Hope to welcome you soon to our property once again in near future. Regards Team Radisson Blu Hotel New Delhi Dwarka
All people is very nice and helpful in the hotel, just like family
Dear M. Anqi, Thank you so much for having chosen Ohla Eixample for your recent stay in Barcelona. We also would like to thank you for such a wonderful review &quot;Unforgettable Memory&quot; what a kind words from you. It is a really pleasure to know that you have felt that our staff were part of your &quot;family&quot;. Please do not hesitate to choose Ohla Eixample if you visit Barcelona in the future. We would like to welcome you once again. Kind regards. David Rodríguez - Experience Department
Location(Taksim) / Breakfast / cleanliness / Hospitality
Dear Abdullah Khalid, It was great to meet you and welcome you in Midtown. We are also so pleased to have your kind comment on us. Please let us welcome you again in the nearest future. Until then, take good care. Kind Regards, Kerem Demircan  General Manager
Very clean and refreshing smell every where you go Room was huge for 2 person Comfortable bed Very clean towels, and beddings Excellent customer service Always attend to guest's needs Excellent [strong]location[/strong], very close to coffee shops, mall and 24hrs shops Excellent wait staff in the 5 Restaurant
Hi Mary! I am glad to know that our associates ensured that your stay was a breeze for you. One of the many reasons why guests keep coming back to our hotel is because of the kind of service that we have here. Please do know that Discovery Suites will always be your home.  See you again soon!
Great selection of food, relaxing indoor pool with jacuzzi and clean & comfy bed Also have a good service
Hi Miguel! We are happy to know that you appreciated our hotel amenities, food options and service. We hope to see you here again soon.
All staffs are very nice with good customer service
Thank you for your review and feedback, I am so pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and will share your kind comments with the team, they will be delighted.
Nice location, cozy property, value for money
Dear Lan, thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon. Regards,
Bed was best I ever slept on
Dear Hotel Guest,  Thank you for the wonderful rating in regards to your stay here at the Ramada ABQ Airport location. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed our comfortable beds and hope that you will return again for a great night’s sleep.
Everything was to standard, bed comfy,
Thanks for the 10 out of 10 rating Dylan. Appreciate that you chose Fraser Suites for your needs in Perth. Regards, Graeme
Swimming pool, gym, free [strong]parking[/strong], quiet environment, size and amenities of the apartment, kitchen equipment. It was a great stay and great value. Thank you
Dear Krisztian, Thank you so much for your fabulous review of our Golden Sands. We are happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. It brings us happiness to know that you were impressed with the facilities, amenities, and service provided offered by the hotel. Your compliments have been shared with our entire team who are always pleased when their efforts have been acknowledged and appreciated.  We look forward to welcoming you once more in our Golden Sands Hotel Apartments, your home in Dubai.  Best Regards,  Islam Bekheet  Rooms Division Manager
The location is perfect. Very close to the Louvre. Walking distance to many spots. The staff is very polite and try to help out in every possible way. I celebrated my birthday while staying at the hotel. The staff helped out to put flowers on the breakfast table and arranged birthday cake for the whole family. I really really enjoyed my stay at Hotel Montalembert
Dear Cecilia, We would like to thank you for having taken the time to leave your comments on Booking. We are pleased to read that we were able to exceed your expectations. We will make sure that your kind words are passed on to all those concerned who will be so delighted. We look forward to the pleasure of welcoming you back to Paris for another great experience. Best regards, Marion Richard
The Staff was very good & Helpful
Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for taking the time to review, JW Marriott Kuwait City Hotel. We are pleased to learn you enjoyed your recent stay including the services provided. We hope to welcome you again. Best Regards, George Aoun Cluster General Manager Kuwait Marriott Hotels
Beautiful bedrooms, free buffet in the bar every night. Friendly, helpful staff
Dear Karl,  thank you for taking the time to share your impressions with regard to your recent stay at UNA Hotel Roma.  We are pleased to learn that you had an overall positive experience in our Hotel, with a special mention of appreciation to our staff. We will certainly share your encouraging insight with them, such comments represent a truthful incentive to constantly work at our utmost. Thanking you once more, we look forward to the pleasure of welcoming you again back in the near future.  Sincerely, UNA Hotel Roma
Everything especially the front office staff, they were extremely helpful
Dear George, We are extremely pleased to have write for us through Booking.com. Thank you so much for your wonderful response. I shall definitely convey your regards to my Front Office colleagues - who deserve your appreciation. We look forward to seeing you back with us again. Best regards, Hemalatha BR PA to General Manager
Very beautiful hotel and friendly staff  Outdoor garden restaurant is very nice in the evening
Dear Mam, Thank you for taking the time to comment on your recent visit at Ajit Bhawan Palace, I certainly appreciate your critique as your feedback allows us to focus on what needs improving and We shall try and increase quality of our service as per your feedback.  We are hopeful to see you soon in near future at Ajit Bhawan Palace  Thank you Ajit Bhawan Jodhpur.
Great place Nothing to say except its recommended
Dear Mr. Mohd, Thank you for your positive comments. Glad to know that you were pleased with your stay. We very much appreciate your recommendation and it will be our pleasure to welcome you again. Best Regards, Bruno Debray General Manager
Incredible hotel, we also tried the Only YOU Atocha for two days, but this branch is definitely superior. Great rooms, incredible facilities, great staff. Compared to Atocha it had better beds/ softer bed sheets, larger rooms, more restaurants/bars/facilities downstairs
Dear Denisa, thank you very much for your lovely review! We are pleased to know you enjoyed your stay and that you have had the chance to visit both of our Only You-s in Madrid! Please, come back soon, we still have a lot to share with YOU :) Guest Relations Manager
Very comfortable hotel with friendly staff Ideal location on Copacabana Breakfast very good Roof area very nice for having a drink with a view
Dear Enda, Many thanks for choosing us. We are always looking for our guest´s satisfaction. Looking forward to your next stay with us Regards, Edson Brandão Rooms Division Manger
The octopus salad was the best I have ever eaten
Dear Niall, thank you very much for having shared your review! It is a pleasure to know you enojyed our restaurant! Please, come back soon. Best regards, Guest Relations Manager
Great eggs, greatstaff
Thank you for the kind words. We look forward to you staying in the future. Jeff
Food in main restaurant was very good. Staff very friendly and helpful
Dear Eileen, Thank you for taking the time to write an excellent review of Jurys Inn Belfast. I am delighted that your visit to the hotel was an enjoyable one and hope we can welcome you back. Kind regards, Stephen McMullan, Deputy General Manager
Bed extremely comfortable
Dear Julie, Thank you for taking the time to write this review on your recent trip to Jurys Inn Belfast. I am delighted that your visit to the hotel was an enjoyable one. Kind regards, Stephen McMullan, Deputy General Manager
Staff excellent. Helpful and friendly. Room very good with a great shower. Perfect location
Dear Paul,  Thank you for sharing your experiences regarding your recent stay with us.  We always try to maximize the experience for every guest and therefore it means a lot to us to hear that you have enjoyed your stay. Thank you for all of your compliments, which I have shared amongst our teams and is highly appreciated.  We are looking forward to welcome you again at Park Plaza Victoria Amsterdam.  Yours sincerely, Marieke - Social Media Coordinator
Just everithing was excellent
Dear Rodrigo,  Thank you for your wonderful rating and feedback.  We always try to maximize the experience for every guest and therefore it means a lot to us to hear that you have enjoyed your stay. We are looking forward to welcome you again in the near future at Park Plaza Victoria Amsterdam.  Warm regards, Marieke - Social Media Coordinator
All very good Staff very helpful Room lovely
Dear Susan,  Thank you for sharing your experiences regarding your recent stay with us.  Its a real pleasure to read your compliments towards our staff and our rooms, which I have shared amongst our teams and is highly appreciated, thank you very much.  We hope you will visit us again when your travel brings you back to the Amsterdam.  Warm regards, Marieke - Social Media Coordinator
We liked how close everything was to the Hotel, Perfect location
Dear Jairt,  Thank you for having stayed with us and writing a review regarding it.  We are very happy to read your compliments and that you have enjoyed our location.  The next time youre in town, it would be a great pleasure to welcome you again at Park Plaza Victoria Amsterdam.  Sincerely, Marieke - Social Media Coordinator
Upgraded room
Dear valued guest,  Thank you for taking the time to write a review on Booking.com.  We are very pleased that you enjoyed your upgrade, thank you for reporting this! It would be a great pleasure to welcome you again in the near future.  Sincerely, Marieke - Social Media Coordinator
Harry at Reception and the concierge were extremely friendly and helpful
Dear declan,  Thank you for taking the time to write a review regarding your stay with us. Its a real pleasure to read your compliments towards our staff, which I have shared with them and is highly appreciated! On behalf of the entire staff at Park Plaza Victoria Amsterdam we thank you for your stay and we hope to welcome you again when your travel brings you back to the Amsterdam.  Kind regards, Marieke - Social Media Coordinator
Bed was really comfortable! Nice and clean and friendly staff Location couldn't get better
Dear Ella, Thank you for your wonderful review and feedback. We are honored to receive your compliments. We hope to see you back again soon. Kind regards, Marieke - Social Media Coordinator
The Checkin was smooth and the staff very courteous. Liked the dinner and as usual the breakfast was lovely
Dear Guest, Warm Greetings from the Vivanta by Taj M G Road, Bangalore! Thank you so very much for your review and for giving us this feedback. It is truly appreciated. We look forward to welcoming you again to the Hotel and thank you for choosing the Vivanta by Taj M G Road- Bangalore! Manoj Mathew V M General Manager  Vivanta by Taj – M G Road, Bangalore 413 Mahatma Gandhi Road Bangalore 560 001 Karnataka, India
Perfect location...fab staff...extra large bed..free upgrade👍
Thank you for making our Barceló Raval your choice hotel on this occasion and for your very kind recommendation to the travel community of Barcelona, this positive feedback keeps us motivated to encounter the compliance of our demanding quality standards. We are thrilled you enjoyed your recent stay with us. Thank you for making us your choice hotel when visiting the area. We look forward to welcoming you back again very soon.
Great location, clean, felt taken care of, and I enjoyed the spa in the hotel The restaurant in the hotel was wonderful too
Thank you for the stellar review!! We are so delighted that you took advantage of the wonderful Aveda Spa and Panzanos delicious food. Please come back and visit us again soon!
Paradise at a very affordable price All inclusive is unbelievable value The island had lots to do, great restaurants and facilities I would recommend this to any couple for a perfect getaway holiday
Dear Adam, Sunny greetings from your paradise! It gives me great pleasure that you chose Olhuveli Beach &amp; Spa Resort as holiday destination and that you thoroughly enjoyed your experience with us. Thank you for taking the time to leave your feedback following your stay at Olhuveli and for recommending us as a wonderful place to stay in the Maldives to other readers. We would be glad to welcome you back soon as repeat guest in Olhuveli.  Warm regards, Ali Shaheen, Assistant E-Marketing Manager Communication Specialist  Olhuveli Beach &amp; Spa Resort
Very large and comfortable rooms... Close to beach and Beach Walk shopping centre
Dear Vania, Warmest greetings from The Bene Hotel, Kuta Thank you for your feedback and its great to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. We are delighted to receive acknowledgement of our commitment to create memorable experiences to our guests and we will surely pass on your wonderful comments to all the team. We are glad to know that you enjoyed and took full advantage of our convenient location. It is indeed great to be able to step out and be in the midst of the vibrant shopping and dining options of Kuta area. It was our pleasure to have you as our guest and we look forward to the opportunity of welcoming you back in the near future. Your Sincerely Made Sumariana Resort Manager
very nice and comfortable hotel
Dear Gianfranco, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave your kind feedback following your recent stay at UNA Hotel Roma. We were really happy to read that you have enjoyed the services and facilities at the hotel and we look forward to welcoming you back once again in the future. Kind regards,
Very close to public transportation; shuttle to the airport is very convenient
Dear Anna,  Thank you for your wonderful review.  I am thrilled to read that you had a pleasant stay with is and got to the convenient location and shuttle.  We sure hope to welcome you back one day. With best regards  Pia Jakobsen  Operations Director
Very quiet and comfortable Smiling and friendly staff
Dear Konstantin,  It is a pleasure to read your review front your recent stay with us - thank you for sharing it with us.  I am glad to see that your stay was comfortable and your kind word regarding our staff means a lot to us.  We hope to welcome you back.  With best regards  Pia Jakobsen  Operations Director
Location is great. Very calm place
Dear Mohammad, Thank you for sharing your comments with us! We are looking forward to see you as our guest in the future! Kind regards, Katja Absandze, Head of Pr &amp; Marketing Division
Overall nice experience, quick Service, easy check in & check out,food quality & variety is very good [strong]Location[/strong] is very near to airport which is time saving
Thank you so much for such wonderful comments about your stay experience. We are delighted to know that you liked the overall product including the food quality and variety as well as the service delivery by our staff. We hope to welcome you soon during your next visit.
The bed is amazing  The staff was helpful and very kind  Perfect place for walk around. One of my best stay  The [strong]breakfast[/strong] so delicious 
Dear Ms. Aline,  We are truly glad to hear that you were satisfied with your overall experience. It is always a great motivation and recognition for our team to hear about guest satisfaction which is our main goal. Thank you and we hope to welcome you back again in the near future.  Best regards,  Nael El Wary  General Manager
The bed is so comfortable
My staff and I are glad you enjoyed our new bedding package that we now offer in our newly renovated rooms. Thank you for sharing your stay. Feedback from our guests is always welcome as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our service. It is our goal to exceed your expectations here in Goodlettsville. We look forward to seeing you again in your future travels.
The bed is very comfy, great facilities
Dear Reviewer, Thank you for taking your time to write us a review following your recent visit. Our hotel is centrally located for exploring Perth’s CBD and local attractions and it is wonderful to read that this played to your advantage. It is also delightful to read that you found our beds comfortable and other services to be to your satisfaction; we pride ourselves in ensuring all guest experiences are enriching and rewarding and it is a pleasure to have made your stay. Thank you once again for your review and we look forward to welcoming you back in future. Best Regards, John Kockan General Manager
The room was good value for money  The included [strong]breakfast[/strong] was of high quality and there was a big selection of food available
Dear Terry, We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay and were impressed by every aspect of your stay. Our promise is to offer enriching and memorable experiences by providing the unmistakable Pacific touch and we are delighted that you were highly satisfied with our product and service. Thank you for giving us a perfect score and we look forward to welcoming you back to Pan Pacific Perth for another unforgettable stay. Best Regards, John Kockan General Manager
The bed is excellent! Very plush and comfortable
Dear Josh, Thank you for taking the time to review your stay at Hotel Jen. We are really pleased to read that we lived up to your expectations and that you loved our beds.  Looking forward to seeing you again soon. Kind Regards, Zac Hope General Manager Hotel Jen Brisbane
We arrived and the staff upgraded our room to the junior suite which was amazing and more than we expected We were staying for the Barcelona Half Marathon so perfect for pre race preparation
Dear Jennifer,  It is a great pleasure to read this nice comments regarding your stay with us. We are glad to know you enjoyed our hotel, and we’ve been able to meet your expectations. Thank you very much again, and hope to see you soon back in Barcelona. Best regards, Xavi Bufí Subdirección
I have stayed here about 12 times now The location is great, being able to hear the waves crashing on the beach whenever you open the balcony door is great And an elevator that takes you straight to the beach
First of all we thank you for having spent, again, your holidays at the Hotel Sol e Mar.  If you are planning to come back to Hotel Sol e Mar, please, do not hesitate to tell us and with a great pleasure we will do all our best to ensure a pleasant stay with us.   kind regards
The hotel staff were very helpful and accommodating. The hotel was very central with very easy access to train station and about a 5 minute walk to shops
Dear Paul,  Thanks for the great review of or hotel! Im delighted that you enjoyed your time here with us and hope to welcome you back soon.  Kind Regards,  Jason Court  Guest Relations &amp; Quality Manager
Beautifully remodeled rooms, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful
Dear Micaela, We are proud to know that our staff provided exceptional service and that you have enjoyed our central location. Kind regards, One Luxury Suites team.
The facility was beautiful with a very friendly staff to greet us.  The room was spacious and clean with a good sized television.  [strong]Breakfast[/strong] was excellent - an egg scramble with cheese perfect for a [strong]breakfast[/strong] burrito, as well as fresh fruit, waffles, yogurt, pastries and bagels.  Excellent hotel for an overnight stay
Thank you for taking the time to share your experience. We are thrilled to read we exceeded your expectations! We hope you will stay again in the future!
Bed is comfortable, room is nice and clean. Location is close to the U-bahn station. Breakfast is absolutely fantastic
Dear Olga, We dont want to miss the chance to thank you for your time to review your recent stay at our Leonardo Hotel Berlin. Thank you for praising our nice and clean rooms, the location near the public transport and our breakfast buffet. With great pleasure we would like to welcome you again soon. We wish you all the best. Kind regards, Monika Schüler, Customer Feedback Agent
The helpful stuff at the reception
Dear Tik, In the name of the Hotel Saint George we appreciate the time you take to share your comments about your stay in our hotel. These allow us to evaluate the quality of our services offered. It has been an honour to receive you and we hope to have you visit during your next stay in Puerto Iguazú. Sincerely, Ma. Eugenia Commercial Agent
- Very helpful and friendly staff, especially A concierge staff named Boy! He was so nice and gave us very useful advice of where we should go to enjoy the most of Bangkok in just1 day (We were in Bangkok for 4 days in a business trip and we have only a S
Dear Ha  Thank you for choosing Mövenpick Hotel Sukhumvit 15 Bangkok and for taking the time to write this fantastic review.  We are pleased to hear that you had an overall pleasant stay and enjoyed our facilities.  I will be pleased to share your comment with the entire team.  Hope when selecting a hotel for your next visit to Bangkok, you will consider staying with us again. Sincerely Max Huber  Executive Assistant Manager
View of church
Dear John, Thank you for share your comments with usand we are very happy for your excellent revie. We hope to welcome you again in Hotel Sagrada Familia. Our best wishes, Roser Aguasca Front Desk Manager
breakfast was very good. bed was very conffortable
I am happy you were able to enjoy the comfort of our beds and our newly remodeled rooms. The designers took special time and care to make sure our new furnishings and style as well as the design of our guest rooms and interior space conveyed a since of regional identity and promotes guest comfort and a welcoming functional facility for greeting our guest.I do understand your concern with the area of our hotel. One of our priorities is the safety and comfort of our guest. The area does appear unsafe however it is very safe and secure we have not had any incident to our hotel or guest. We do offer shuttle to many nearby stores and restaurants to make our guest feel more secure.
The specual offer for the price was great , keep ig up
Dear Guest, Thank you so much for your comments and for being our guest. We would like to host you once again on your next visit at The Marmara Pera Hotel. Thank you &amp; Kind Regards
Once you find the Metro entrance (on Dupont Circle near the Krispy Kreme store; directly under Connecticut Avenue NW) this is a very conveniently located hotel to get around DC Walking distance to George Washington University Very helpful staff  Le Pain Quotidien is a little cafe around the corner that makes an amazing cup of coffee (nice and strong without being bitter)
Thank you for staying with us, Ann! We appreciate your business and the nice review (you really &quot;get&quot; us!). We hope you will visit us again soon!
Interior was so beautiful - esp the diff [strong]modes[/strong] of lights. Bed was v comfy. Sound system is great. Try their in room dining
Hi Evia, We are delighted the room, service and all around W experience was marvellous for you! As design is one of the Passion Points of W brand, followed by music, fashion and fuel, the design elements (like the mood lighting) and fixtures are inspired by the dynamic cosmopolitan lifestyle mixed with Sentosa’s vibrant natural surroundings, which electrifies the 247 experience. We couldn’t be happier to find out that it really worked well for you, and that you found our W Signature bed as comfy as I do! W Singapore looks forward to welcoming you back soon! Best Regards, Stephane Fabregoul Managing Director
Concierge Abdourrahmane was the perfect getleman,  he assisted I  rescheduling our flight. He made sure we were well taken care of.  We had issues with charging our phone especially and he had his team help out. He is the best. The street is busy and the hotel overlooks the city.  We were o  the 14th floor and got an upgrade to presidential suite.  Thank you Kenzi-tower
Dear Guest,  Thank you for choosing the stay at the Kenzi Tower Hotel . We are proud to read that you enjoyed your stay with us. We will share your positive comments with our team members and especially with our concierge Abdelrahman who took pride in delivering a high level of service. We look forward to welcoming you in the near future.  Kindest Regards,
everything was quite perfect Very clean and comfortable room, good breakfast but expencive
Dear Simona, Thank you very much for this beautiful review of our Hotel Königshof. We are very happy to see you enjoyed your stay and consider our rooms very clean and comfortable. If the extensive breakfast in our Gourmet Restaurant is too much for your liking, I can also recommend you the à la carte breakfast at our sister hotel the anna, or another buffet at the Hotel Excelsior just 50 200 meters down the road. We would be delighted to welcome you and your family back soon and remain in the meanwhile with kindest regards, Isabelle Hein (Quality Manager) and the team of the Hotel Königshof
The breakfast is quite reasonably excellent, and all the staff are friendly
Thank you for the great review Rui! Its a delight to see you enjoyed your stay with us and we look forward to welcoming you back again soon! Kind regards,  Steven D. Community Supervisor
Great design, atmosphere, service. Overall great experience
Thank you for sharing such kind feedback! We can not wait to welcome you back!
Excellent quality bakery items
Dear Minaz, Thank you for choosing the Hilton London Tower Bridge whilst staying in London and thank you for sharing your observations via Booking.com. I was happy to read that you have enjoyed all aspects of your stay with us.  I am looking forward to welcome you back in the nearest future and please do not hesitate to recommend us to your friends and family. Kindest regards, Anna Fratczak PA to General Manager
Great location, linked to Jamie Oliver restaurant for breakfast which was great, it was just what we wanted for overnight stay
Dear Julie, Thank you for choosing the Hilton London Tower Bridge whilst staying in London and thank you for sharing your observations via Booking.com. I was happy to read that you have enjoyed all aspects of your stay with us and I have shared your valued feedback regarding the Jamies Italian breakfast with their management team. I am looking forward to welcome you back in the nearest future and please do not hesitate to recommend us to your friends and family. Kindest regards, Anna PA to General Manager
I had dinner from the restaurant and it was great
Brian, thank you for sharing your experience at The Georgian Terrace. We are glad to know you had an outstanding stay and that you were especially pleased with the food we serve at our on-site restaurant. On behalf of my entire team, we appreciate your compliment and invite you to have another excellent visit in the future. Sincerely, J. Mark Williams, General Manager
Spacious room and perfect [strong]location[/strong]
Dear Ying Ying Joyce, (HK) Thank you for sharing your experience at the Radisson Blu Gautrain Hotel through the Guest Satisfaction Survey. With a mission to provide superior guest service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. As a VALUED GUEST, your feedback will be shared with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service. Thank you for staying at the Radisson Blu Gautrain Hotel and we are looking forward to welcoming you back again whenever your travel needs bring you back to Sandton.  Thank You  Werner Geere  General Manager  Radisson Blu Gautrain Hotel
I liked how helpful the concierge were every time the saw me in need of help the were always there to assist
Dear Koko, (ZM) Thank you for sharing your experience at the Radisson Blu Gautrain Hotel through the Guest Satisfaction Survey. With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. As a VALUED GUEST, your feedback has been shared with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional guest service.  Thank you for staying at the Radisson Blu Gautrain Hotel and we are looking forward to welcoming you back whenever your travel needs bring you back to Sandton. Thank You  Werner Geere  Radisson Blu Gautrain Hotel
The beds were very comfortable
Dear Michael, Greetings from Boston and thank you for sharing your review. We are thrilled that you enjoyed a great night’s sleep and we hope that you will soon be visiting again. Intuitively Yours, Copley Square Hotel
Allowed me late check-out time, which was great for my short stay
Dear Guest, It’s a pleasure to know that you have enjoyed your short stay with us and we hope to see you again. Sincerely yours, Chadi Nicolas General Manager
Breakfast was excellentBest service ever
Dear Maria, Thank you very much for staying at the Hilton Malta and taking a moment to share feedback on your stay with us.  I am delighted to hear you thoroughly enjoyed your stay and that you found our breakfast excellent. Our team takes great pride in your feedback and all your comments. Once again, thank you so much for sharing your experience with us. We very much look forward to welcoming you back to your new “Maltese home”. Kind Regards, Achraf Kamel- Duty Manager
Staying at the Banyan Tree was a fantastic experience, great location, tremendous accommodation and the staff could not have been more helpful to make our stay such a memorable event
Dear David We are pleased to note that you had a fantastic and memorable experience with us. We hope to welcome you back in the near future.  Warm regards Franck Seguin - General Manager
Staff were really friendly and it is very easy to get a taxi from there
Dear Chloe,  Means a lot to all our team that you found the service as friendly as we expect. We think that been a natural host makes a service much easier and, as i explain, the guest can feel that.  We are all very luck to do what we really love to do!  Thank you once again for your feedback!  Looking forward to meet you on your next visit to the hotel.  Best regards,  Lilian Ferrer  Guest Relations Manager
The hotel is amazing. Thanks for the great time
We would like to thank you for taking the time to complete the review. This will help us to monitor the quality of our services.  Our primary target is the satisfaction of the guest and We are delighted You have appreciated the location and the atmosphere of The Yard ! Kind Regards Marco
Friendly staff, clean room
Thank you so much for taking the time to leave a review. Were glad you were satisfied.
Everything the view , the swing pool, the food , breakfast, lunch, the room was parfait ,
Dear Ibrahima, We are very happy to hear that everything was perfect! Thank you very much for your nice review. We look forward to welcoming you back for another unforgettable stay! Best Regards, Andrew Cook
It was a fantastic hotel with really friendly staff I had a brilliant time and I would recommend it to anybody
Dear Neil,   Thank you for sharing your experience at the Le Méridien NFis.  We appreciate your feedback and are delighted to hear that you had a great stay. With a spirit to serve, we take great pride in not only meeting, but exceeding your expectations.   Your feedback is integral to our ability to continue to improve our service. Thank you again for your time and come visit us again soon!   Sincerely,
The rooms are very clean and comfortable We appreciate the coffee maker in the room ( Keurig)The location of this hotel is perfect, you wont need your car evrerything is close I recommand this hotel and will come back again some day
Thank you such a positive review CAROLINE, it is greatly appreciated! It sounds like you had a wonderful stay and we couldn’t be happier! Thank you for recommending us to other users and we looking forward to having you stay with us again! Thank you,  Ann Meelker  Director of Sales Lord Elgin Hotel
everything
Dear Deborah,  Thank you so much for taking the time to share such a positive review with us! We are delighted that you enjoyed your experience at The Carlyle and hope to welcome you back again very soon.  Sincerely, The Carlyle Family
Loved the fact that you're right down town and in the middle of anything
Thank you for the feedback. Were so glad you had a great experience and hope to see you soon!
good bed
Thanks for your review! Were glad you enjoyed your stay with us!
Outstanding attention to detail by staff. The shower was incredible
Dear Avril, Thank you for your comment about your experience at ME Madrid. We are glad that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you felt comfortable with our staff.  We are looking forward to welcoming you back very soon in order to make you live a new and even more satisfying ME experience! Kind regards, ME for YOU Service.
Nice, comfortable room Great breakfast Friendly, helpfull staf
Thank you for your nice feedback. We look forward to welcoming you back soon again to SKT. PETRI!
service was great, I got a renovated room on the first floor, good value for the money staff very attentive
Dear William,  Thank you very much for your kind review. We are glad to read that you enjoyed your stay with us at SKT. PETRI, especially our friendly service.  We look forward to welcoming you soon again to SKT. PETRI! Kind regards, Sebastiaan Front Desk Team SKT. PETRI
Everything from the minute we stepped in till the end of our time at bisma 8 Super service and amazing rooms Had one of the best dinning experiences around Ubud Loved how design plays an important role in every aspect of the property Loved the bath tub [strong]Location[/strong] is perfect, away from the city noise and yet approachable in a few minutes walk Staff is so warm and welcoming  Would definitely recommend to anyone travelling to ubud
Dear Manish, Thank you for your wonderful words given to us about your recent experience stay. We are delighted to learn that you had an excellent stay with us and particularly value our hotel. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you again soon in Bisma Eight. Best wishes, Bisma Eight Management
great spacious rooms, breakfast , situation near Ferial Building
Dear Alex, Thank you for giving us such a good puntuation at Booking.com. It´s very motivational for us to feel your satisfaction. Thank you very much for your confidence. We hope we will receive you soon at your next visit to Valencia. Best regards. Jose Alvarez. Hotel manager Ilunion Valencia
Room very clean , free wi-fi , friendly staff and bar open 24/7 
Dear Krysztof, Thank you for taking the time to share your experience of your stay with us here at pentahotel Ipswich. It was really good to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us, the team and I are always thankful of hearing that we have got things right! I hope that we will see you back again soon! Very best regards Janine
Everything about this hotel is excellent
Dear KathyMB, thank you for making the Millennium London Knightsbridge your hotel of choice whilst visiting London. I am delighted that overall your stay was an enjoyable experience and as such, I do hope my team and I will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again to enjoy the atmosphere of London and what it has to offer. Kind regards, Jean-Baptiste Noel, General Manager
I liked everything there Amazing beatch, comfort scene and fabulous nature
Sunny Greetings from Rannalhi! Dear Guest, Thank you very much for the valuable comments posted here on your memorable holiday spent at Rannalhi. Sumeda Yasaratne General Manager
This place was paradise. Our 1st stay in the Maldives and won't be the last. The island is very small and isn't somewhere we would want to stay for more than 3/4 nights (we did 2) but it was more than adequate. The food was very good and breakfast in the room was an added bonus. We stayed in a water villa and it truly was special
Sunny Greetings from Rannalhi! Dear Michelle, Thank you very much for the valuable comments posted here on your memorable holiday spent at Rannalhi, We hope to meet you once again in this little paradise!. Best Regards, Sumeda Yasaratne General Manager
Nice staff
Greetings Amanda,   Weekend getaways are meant to create lasting memories and we are thrilled to read that your visit to Washington and your time with us was so thoroughly enjoyed. We appreciate you sharing your review and we hope that we have the opportunity to welcome you again one day soon. Warm Regards, The Watergate Hotel
How close it was to the Paramatta town and Mall. Bus and train services were pretty much across the road. Big room with a great view of the city and Olympic Park. Friendly and helpful staff also. Also glad they had good aircon on our weekend stay. We were there for their heatwave
Dear Renae, thank you very much for the great review! I am glad to hear that you enjoyed the view of the city and that you found our staff to be friendly and helpful. We all look forward to welcoming you back soon. Regards, Federico Solchi Front Office Manager
Good service over all! We loved the people there
Thank you for staying with us, we hope to see you again sometime!
Located close to the beach Loved the courtyard and pool area as well as all the resident animals and wild birds Breakfast was very fresh Rooms clean and staff friendly Would stay again
Dear Mrs Danny, Thank you so much for your positive comments. The Hotel Caribe appreciate them. We are glad you have had a nice experience. Looking forward to see you again in your next visit to Cartagena
Staff were fantastic and helpful, especially Angelo duty manager. Thank you
Thank you! We will ensure that he receives the kind message.
Beverages could be better İçecekler daha iyi olabilirdi
Dear İsmail Özgür, thank you very much for making the effort to review our hotel. We are pleased that you enjoyed your vacation and do hope that we can welcome you back again in the future. With Best Regards Michael Nassiri Resident Manager
Staff was amazing! Island was beautiful  Seaplane was awesome Had a wonderful and relaxing time Hope to return
Dear Sherri, thank you very much for taking the time and making the effort to review our hotel. We are very pleased that you enjoyed your vacation with us so much and really hope to be able to welcome you back again. With Best Regards Michael Nassiri Resident Manager
Excellent food, very confortable bed and room view, no words can describe the nature, the sea is extraordinary (2 colors), very relaxing. We will definitely do it again
Dear Fuddz, thank you very much for taking the time and making the effort to review our hotel. We are overall pleased that you enjoyed your vacation with us. We do hope to welcome you back again in the future. With Best Regards Michael Nassiri Resident Manager
The food was amazing and the staff were very friendly and helpful Our room was fantastic and very clean I really like how each room has its own private pool
Dear Sandra, We are very happy to hear that you have enjoyed your recent holiday at Amaya Resort Kuda Rah, it is a pleasure for us to hear that you have enjoyed the food and the service of our team and that the rooms with the pool has met all your expectations. We look forward to welcoming you back at Amaya Resort Kuda Rah when you next visit Maldives. Regards, Michael Armstrong General Manager
The room was lovely
Dear Guest, We thank you for your excellent review. It was a pleasure serving you. Your valuable feedback has been shared among our team . It is great to read that you found the room to be comfortable. We look forward to welcoming you soon. Kind Regards, Duty Manager
The beds were super comfy and the staff were friendly
Hej dear Paul,  many thanks for taking the time to give us a feedback regarding your stay at our Scandic Hamburg Emporio! We are glad to read that you enjoyed the friendliness of our staff and felt comfortable in your bed during your stay! We hope to welcome you back again soon and send you best wishes from Hamburg,  Tobias Albert Director of Sales &amp; Marketing
All
Hi greg - thanks so much for your positive rating after your stay with us. Regards, Graeme
I have been traveling to Perth for the last 10 years, first time here and was better than every other Hotel I have stayed at - and the breakfast was amazing!! Almost as good as a Melbourne breakfast :)
Hi Toby, What a great read ! Thanks so much for choosing us for your hotel needs in Perth and for sharing your experience. I hope we see you back again soon. I did laugh at your Melbourne comment. Regards, Graeme
Although there was a wide choice of high quality breakfast items, it was a little chaotic and they kept running out of certain foods (bacon, eggs, juice) and then it was frustrating to have to wait whilst more was prepared
Dear Guest, Thank you for your feedback and taking time to post your comments.  We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed our ‘excellent position’, our fantastic beds, our great toiletries as well as our amazing roof terrace.  We are so sorry however that you found the breakfast service a little chaotic; please allow me to express our sincerest apologies. We do take all comments seriously and appreciate all the feedback we can get to help us in our ongoing efforts to create memorable experience for our guests. We look forward to welcoming you back. Best regards. Vanessa Lemonnier Quality Manager Sofitel Rome Villa Borghese
It's an amazing hotel Beautiful architecture and interiors, lovely views, great service
Thank you for your fantastic review. It is great to hear that you had a flawless stay with us and we look forward to welcoming you back again very soon. Warm regards.
There is a Nespresso machine at the room
Dear Ido, Thank you so much for your great feedback. We are glad you enjoyed your stay and we are looking forward to welcoming you back soon. Best regards The Team of Swissôtel Berlin
Great location, lovely friendly staff, nothing was ever a problem. Rooms a tad small, but realistically we were hardly there so this was no problem. Very clean and comfortable. Highly recommended
Dear Renelle,  thank you so much, as we are an Highly reccomended Hotel, you are an highly reccomended guest for the hotels :-)  we look forward to welcome you in Rome again very very soon  Arrivederci ! Andrea C.
closeness to the cbd and train station
Dear Beverley, Its wonderful to hear that we were able to exceed your expectations during your stay with us and thank you for being a loyal guest. We have put a lot of thought into our room design and all the little extras that really make our guests time with us memorable. Our location is centrally located and very hard to beat. We greatly appreciate your review, and we look forward to welcoming you back for many more stays in the future. Kind Regards, Zac Hope General Manager Hotel Jen Brisbane
Spacious room with good workspace
Silvia Thank you for choosing to stay at Jurys Inn Sheffield and for taking the time to review your stay. It is a pleasure to see such high scores and will ensure your feedback is passed to the team. I look forward to welcoming you back to Jurys Inn in the near future. Kind regards Sam Connolly Assistant Manager
good breakfast selection, nice location (not noisy) well appointed rooms Medussy restaurant nearby
Dear Chris, thank you for your kind review. We really hope to welcome you at our hotel again. Yours sincerely Jirina Karnikova, Sales Manager.
The bed was comfortable and the staff were very friendly
We would like to thank you for choosing the SERHS Carlit for your stay in Barcelona and for sharing your opinion with all the Tripadvisor community. We are delighted with your fabulous words about our property, service and staff. Our aim is to provide the excellence to our guests and comments like yours empower us to keep on do it. Thank you in the name of all team! Looking forward to welcoming you again. Sincerelly, Laura Guest Relations Department
Super comfy bed and pillows Huge shower and everywhere was really clean [strong]Breakfast[/strong] was good value (€10 pppn) and there was so much choice
Dear Rachel, It is a great pleasure to read this nice comments regarding your stay with us. We are glad to know you enjoyed our hotel, and we’ve been able to meet your expectations. Hope to see you soon back in Barcelona. Best regards, Xavi Bufí Subdirección
very helpful staffclean, quite and spacious roomlifts arrived quickly enjoyed my 3 night stay
Dear Alexander, Thank you for taking the time to share your experience. I am pleased to hear that you enjoyed our spacious rooms, quick lifts and quiet location. Hopefully you will choose to stay with us again next time you visit Melbourne. Kind regards, Ana Royal Operations Manager
Excellent hotel, I strongly recommend, especially duty manager Hasan was extremely helpful
Dear Guest, It is our pleasure to welcome you back to the hotel. We thank you for your kind words and comments. We are happy to read that you enjoyed your overall stay with us and we look forward to seeing you again soon. Kind regards, Ghada Sadek General Manager
Breakfast, room
Dear Yaser, We sincerely hope to be able to welcome you again here at Towers Rotana Dubai. Best regards, Karim Nahas General Manager
Very helpful staff
Dear Mr. Pat, Thank you for giving us a fantastic review on Booking.com. We invest considerable efforts towards ensuring that our guests have a comfortable time at our hotel. Our associates would be extremely pleased with your appreciation of their effort and it has encouraged their resolve to offer high-quality service to all our guests. We hope that after this pleasurable experience, you will consider a stay with us whenever you are revisiting Dubai. Best Regards, Tony Thomas. Front Desk
Everything was perfect
Dear Gary, Thank you for taking the time to write this review on your recent trip to Jurys Inn Belfast.I am delighted that your visit to the hotel was an enjoyable one. Kind regards, Stephen McMullan, Deputy General Manager
The facilities are designed in a way that can be quite attractive to females
Hi ANNAVI, Thank you for your fabulous review! I am simply glowing that you had such an enjoyable stay here with us.  Do you know design is one of our passion points followed by music, fashion and fuel?  W Singapore looks forward to welcoming you back soon! Best Regards, Stephane Fabregoul Managing Director
Convenience to Deira centre and metro and fantastic staff
Dear Guest,   Thank you for taking the time to post your positive feedback on Booking.com.   I am very happy to read that you had a fabulous overall experience at our hotel and that you found our location to have been convenient for your needs.   I am very proud to read that you have described our family members as fantastic and I will be sure to pass on your compliments to the team personally.   Once again thank you for your recommendation and we look forward to welcoming you back in the not so distant future. Warm Regards,   Ivo Tzvetkov Cluster Director of Operations
The people who worked there were a great service The food was good and we enjoyed ourselves. The fact we were able to get a room for such a good deal was a blessing
Dear Fortuna,  Thank you for the great review of your stay with us at pentahotels. The team here in Ipswich is working very hard towards making the hotel a great place to relax &amp; stay &amp; I am glad that this came across during your visit. I hope that we will see you back with us very soon. Very best regards Janine
For this cheap price, fantastic value
Dear Linda, thank you very much for your comments, location, rooms, breakfast and the treatment received by my staff.  We are looking forward to your next visit  Julian Moreno Manager
The room was very nice and beds were comfortable
Dear Guest,  Thank you for choosing to stay with us and for sharing review following your visit. We are delighted to hear that you liked the Hotel and that you had a very comfortable stay and fully enjoyed your stay.  We do look forward to welcoming you back to the Hotel again in the future. Yours sincerely  Alex Guest Relations
Room very spacious and clean Appeared to be just renovated  Bed very comfortable Friendly front desk staff Great value
We appreciate your positive feedback about our hotel. We do take pride in catering to our guests needs the best way we can. If youre traveling to our area gain soon, dont hesitate to call us.            Sincerely,                      LQ Customer Care
Excellent location, beautiful building and clean rooms The bathroom seemed recently renovated also A nice bar with cocktails of the day at very good prices Special thanks to bartender Lukasz for his excellent service and advice
Dear Bruno, Thank you very much for your nice review of our Hotel.We truly appreciate your feedback and we are happy to read that everything met your expectations upon your recent stay. We very much hope to may welcome you back in the near future. Best regards from Vienna, Your K+K Palais Team
Room was spacious and clean and the bed very comfortable
Dear Brian, thank you for your top score and for reviewing our property on Booking.com! We are delighted to know that you enjoyed your room, hopefully, you liked our buffet breakfast too! We are looking forward to welcome you back soon enough! With best regards, NasHOTEL team.
Excellent customer service and very large rooms Fantastic location in the Centre of Barcelona
Dear Siva, Thank you for sharing your opinion on Booking.com following your stay in Mandarin Oriental, Barcelona. We are happy to learn that you had an exceptional stay with us, and that you appreciated our central location and rooms. We look forward to welcoming you back to Mandarin Oriental, Barcelona! Yours sincerely, André Devillers Hotel Manager
The staff is the most outstanding I have ever seen anywhere The hotel is absolutely gorgeous, and everything is immaculate! We could not have been more pleased
We are pleased to read we provided you with the flawless stay La Concha Renaissance Resort is known for. Thank you for taking the time to share with us such flattering comments about our attentive team members.
Did not have breakfast too expensive
Thank you for your review.  Hope to see you again soon.  Tina W  General Manager
Excellent facilities (very stylish restaurants, big and stylish room) Short distance to the beach road Very good steak restaurant
Dear Sari, We are glad you enjoyed your stay, looking forward to welcome you back soon at Southern Sun Abu dhabi. Kind regards
Cleanliness was superb location perfect fr d tourist vry approaching
Dear Kushalappa, Thank you very much for your comments and for highlighting the cleanliness and location of our hotel. Your feedback is definitely worth sharing too to all out TIMERs. It will be our pleasure to welcome you again in the future. Warm regards, Martin Fabiano - General Manager
Excellent Staff, Great location and fabulous beach
Dear Mr. Clarke,  Thank you very much for your review. We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and hope your next visit is just around the corner.  Warm regards,  Mark Sawkins  General Manager  Fairmont The Palm
Very clean and comfy. All facilities are available, even a washing machine. Location is just fine and friendly staff
Dear Mr. Sezer, Thank you for your feedback! Your comments are very much appreciated. Our team is very happy to know that you had an enjoyable stay! Once again, thank you and we hope to see you again in the near future. Best Regards, EC
Room was spacious, clean and comfortable
Thank you - we read your review with pleasure.  We do hope to welcome you back to Spier soon.  Warm regards,  Joep Schoof General Manager Spier Hotel &amp; Leisure
Really great service
Dear Tiffany, Thank you for the positive review of Al Maha Arjaan, Abu Dhabi! Your comment about the great service has been shared with our colleagues to continue motivating the team in providing excellent guest experience. Meantime, we look forward to welcome you back on your future visits. Sincerely, Sherif Madkour General Manager
Location, roof terrace, breakfast area
Thak you for your commets . We wish to see you again.  Have a good day !!
The room space and facility
Dear &quot;Hadeer&quot;, thank you for your review after your Raffles Istanbul stay. We are happy to see that you have enjoyed your room and overall experience. We are looking forward to welcome you back. Yours sincerely, Ferhan Sevilir Manager, Quality &amp; Administration, Raffles Istanbul
Amazing view
Dear Mr. Abdulrahman, thank you for your review after your Raffles Istanbul stay. We are happy to see that you have enjoyed your stay and the view from your room. We are looking forward to welcome you back. Yours sincerely, Ferhan Sevilir Manager, Quality &amp; Administration, Raffles Istanbul
My sister and I enjoyed the spa so much. We had an amazing massage and a facial afterward. Then we head to hot rooms and at the end lounged in with a tea in hand and some Turkish delights next to it.  Superb
Dear &quot;Mina&quot;, thank you for your review after your Raffles Istanbul experience. We are happy to see that you have enjoyed your time in here and especially the Raffles Spa. We are looking forward to welcome you back. Yours sincerely, Ferhan Sevilir Manager, Quality &amp; Administration, Raffles Istanbul
It was excellent expirance
Dear &quot;Assad&quot;, thank you for your review after your Raffles Istanbul experience. We are happy to see that you have enjoyed your Raffles experience. We are looking forward to welcome you back. Yours sincerely, Ferhan Sevilir Manager, Quality &amp; Administration, Raffles Istanbul
Room with balcony was amazing 😉
Dear &quot;Sukanya&quot;, thank you for your review after your Raffles Istanbul experience. We are happy to see that you have enjoyed your room. We are looking forward to welcome you back. Yours sincerely, Ferhan Sevilir Manager, Quality &amp; Administration, Raffles Istanbul
Mükemmel
Merhaba Aydın Bey, otelimizden ve hizmet kalitemizden memnun ayrıldığınızı öğrenmek bizim için çok önemli. Keyifli bir Raffles deneyimi yaşadığınıza çok memnun olduk. Sizleri yeniden ağırlayabilmek ümidiyle teşekkür ediyor, saygılarımızı sunuyoruz. İçten dileklerimizle, Ferhan Sevilir Kalite &amp; Yönetim Müdürü, Raffles İstanbul
Amazing hotel with luxurious room and welcoming staff
Dear &quot;Faeqa&quot;, thank you for your review after your Raffles Istanbul stay. We are looking forward to welcome you back. Yours sincerely, Ferhan Sevilir Manager, Quality &amp; Administration, Raffles Istanbul
Very nice
Dear &quot;Turki&quot;, thank you for your review after your Raffles Istanbul stay. We are looking forward to welcome you back. Yours sincerely, Ferhan Sevilir Manager, Quality &amp; Administration, Raffles Istanbul
Every thing was great
Dear Dalal, thank you for your review after your Raffles Istanbul stay. We are happy to see that you have enjoyed your Raffles Istanbul experience. We are looking forward to welcome you back. Yours sincerely, Ferhan Sevilir Manager, Quality &amp; Administration, Raffles Istanbul
Hotel location
Dear &quot;Abutawfeq&quot;, thank you for your review after your Raffles Istanbul experience. We are happy to see you have enjoyed your stay overall and our location within the luxury Zorlu Center. We are looking forward to welcome you again when your future travels bring you back to Istanbul. Yours sincerely, Ferhan Sevilir Manager, Quality &amp; Administration, Raffles Istanbul
Room style
Dear &quot;Hamad&quot;, thank you for your review after your Raffles Istanbul stay. We are happy to see that you have enjoyed your room. We are looking forward to welcome you back. Yours sincerely, Ferhan Sevilir Manager, Quality &amp; Administration, Raffles Istanbul
The bed was amazing, the room had a great view, cleaning staff was excellent
Dear Robert, Thank you for your comment. I am thrilled that you enjoyed your stay! I will pass by your comment to our cleaning staff. Best regards, Lysianne B.
Bed was extra comfy we had the king room. Great location ...just wish they had a menu in the room but no biggie.  Great place to stay
Dear Aline, Thank you for taking the time to share your comments with us. I am thrilled that you enjoyed your stay! As for the menus, we do offer a room service menu that is in the binders in the rooms... not certain if this is what you are talking about! We do hope to welcome you back, Annie
The room was spacious and very clean
We look forward to you staying with us in the future
Large rooms, very friendly staff, good family deals for breakfast and dinner
Dear Stefano, Thank you for taking the time to share your comments with us, We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay! Best regards, Annie
Proximite des lieux
Merci pour votre commentaires.
Outstanding location Big room Great pool Couldn`t be better
Thank you for your review. We look forward to serving you in the future.
Breakfast was soooo good and had so many choices of food ;)
Thank you for your review of our hotel. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed our new and enhanced breakfast buffet.
Amazing staff - beautiful location,... the view was wonderful - very quiet - super clean
Mr.Mrs. Sean, Thank you. Please stay with us again then you could enjoy the wonderful view every single day. Regards, Ega R  Ecommerce
Excellent place to stay, everything about the experience was amazing as it was my partners 21st birthday it was a perfect getaway and thoroughly enjoyed my stay here
I appreciate you taking the time to post a review. I am delighted that you enjoyed your stay and managed to help make such a special occasion memorable. I have passed on your kind words to the Management team to share with their departments and very much hope we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again soon. J Keating General Manager
Hospitality was great, all staff were friendly and went the extra mile to accommodate
I appreciate you taking the time to post a review. I am pleased that you enjoyed your stay I have passed on your kind comments to the Management team to share with their departments and very much hope we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again soon. J Keating General Manager
This is now one of my favourite hotels. Everything was perfect
I appreciate you taking the time to post a review. I am delighted that you enjoyed your stay and glad to hear that it was perfect experience. I have passed on your kind words to the Management team to share with their departments and very much hope we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again soon. J Keating General Manager
Relaxing and luxurious surroundings Beautiful views
I am delighted that you enjoyed your stay and appreciate you taking the time to post a review. Im glad you enjoyed the views, they are spectacular! I have passed on your kind comments to the Management team to share with their departments and very much hope we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again soon. J Keating General Manager Remove Edit
Excellent hotel with friendly helpful staff. Great comfort
Thank you for taking the time to write such a wonderful review.  I am delighted that you enjoyed your stay with us and hope we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again soon. J Keating General Manager
Amazing breakfast, great value for money and great facilities
Thank you for taking the time to post a review following your recent stay. I am delighted that you had such a wonderful time with us and have passed on your comments to the Management team to share with their departments. I hope we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again soon. J Keating General Manager
Excellent hotel beautiful part of the country . Room very good only downside underfloor heating not working
I am thrilled that you enjoyed your stay and very much appreciate you taking the time to post a review. I have passed on your comments to the Maintenance team to check the underfloor heating in the rooms. Thank you for your feedback and I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back again in the future. J Keating, General Manager
hotel staff are first class hotel itself is very good we were given a really nice room freshly remodelled breakfast takes a bit of beating for quality and service pool and health suite first class
Thank you for taking the time to post a review following your recent stay with us as we value all guest feedback to help us improve on the service and facilities. I am delighted that you enjoyed your stay and have passed on your comments to the Management team to share with their departments. I hope we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again soon. J Keating, General Manager
Upgraded since last visit and very tastefully done
Thank you for your lovely comments, I am delighted that you enjoyed your stay and our newly refurbished areas. I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back again soon. J Keating, General Manager
The nicest hotel I've ever stayed at, the staff were beyond helpful and the hotel is stunning! Will definitely be back
Thank you for taking the time to write such a wonderful review. I am delighted that you enjoyed your stay and hope we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again in the future. J Keating General Manager
I have forgoten my two rudraksh mala in 2403 room could u just chk if it is found
Dear Dhiraj Greetings from The St. Regis Mumbai! Thank you for reaching to us through this esteemed platform.  Kinldy get in touch with our Duty Manager at the hotel on below mentioned contact details for your query: +91 22 6162 8000 We look forward to the pleasure of welcoming you back here for an exceptional stay. Best regards, Anuraag Bhatnagar General Manager
Perfect
Dear Danilo Greetings from The St. Regis Mumbai! Thank you for sharing your valuable inputs on this esteemed platform. We look forward to the pleasure of welcoming you back here for an exceptional stay. Best regards, Anuraag Bhatnagar General Manager
Beautiful room, lively property, great service
Dear Mr. Adarsh Greetings from The St. Regis Mumbai! Thank you for sharing your valuable inputs on this esteemed platform. We look forward to the pleasure of welcoming you back here for an exceptional stay. Best regards, Cajetan Araujo Hotel Manager
1. THE HOSPITALITY THE MOMENT THEY OPEN THE DOOR OF YOUR CAR AT ARRIVAL. 2. THE DECORATION AND THE MUSIC AT THE RECEPTION HALL. 3. THE COMFORT OF YOUR ROOM. 4. THE READINESS OF THE STAFF TO HELP YOU. 5. EVERY STAFF HAS THE SAME GOOD ATTITUDE. 6. SPECIAL TRIBUTE TO STAFF KUNAL & CHIRAG/
Dear Afzal Greetings from The St. Regis Mumbai! Thank you for sharing your valuable inputs on this esteemed platform. Your mention of our associates and appreciation of their services has been shared with them and we are happy to have served you well.  We take it as an opportunity to serve our guests better with a sense of luxury and esteem. We strive for the perfect balance of comfort and luxury for our guests and will be our immense pleasure to welcome you back here for an exceptional and delightful stay. Best regards, Cajetan Araujo Hotel Manager
The bed was extra comfy the best part was the in room check in after a long journey
Dear Miss Savita Greetings from The St. Regis Mumbai! Thank you for sharing your valuable inputs on this esteemed platform. We take it as an opportunity to serve our guests better with a sense of luxury and esteem. It will be our immense pleasure to welcome you back here for an exceptional and delightful stay here. Best regards, Cajetan Araujo Hotel Manager
Room and hotel ambience
Dear Navin Greetings from The St. Regis Mumbai! Thank you for sharing your valuable inputs on this esteemed platform. We look forward to the pleasure of welcoming you back here for an exceptional stay. Best regards, Cajetan Araujo Hotel Manager
Best hotel I stayed at
Dear Mr. Kamil Greetings from The St. Regis Mumbai! Thank you for sharing your valuable inputs on this esteemed platform. We look forward to the pleasure of welcoming you back here for an exceptional stay. Best regards, Cajetan Araujo Hotel Manager
Service was excellent, breakfast was delicious
Dear Guest, We are pleased to know that we have met your expectations during your stay in our hotel, these comments motivate us to continue working for the continuous improvement and quality of service. On your next visit to the city we hope to see you again. Sincerely, Francisco José Coronado - General Manager
Alfredo was excellent!!! Made my stay very enjoyable with great local recommendations, and amazing customer service I would highly recommend this hotel, and stay on the 10th floor where you get your own personal butler
Dear Ryan,  For all the team of the Hotel Cartagena Plaza your comment fills us with much joy and enthusiasm, it is a very great motivation to continue working with love and dedication, every detail of which mentions are designed for the comfort of our guests and their contribution indicates us That we are on the right track. Thank you very much. Aura Liliana Amador López Customer Service Coordinator
The front desk service was definitly the best, namely Anders Petersson, Anastasia, and Gustave were great - all ears to my various issues that needed solutions; they also offered tips on places to visit and to enjoy. The room was really excellent: clean, silent, and tastfully furnished (nice carpet); there were beautiful tiles in the batroom. The bedlinen - a real pleasure, absolutely imaculate. The matrasses were also of high quality.  Way to go
Dear Rita, thank you for taking the time to rate our hotel. We take pride in our &quot;Yes I Can!&quot; culture and this kind of feedback gives us even more confident to &quot;keep up the good work&quot;. Your positive feedback will be forwarded to the relevant department. Anders, Anastasia and Gustav will be rocognized for this. A warm welcome back! Kind regards, Christian Herslow, General Manager
Very nice staff  god location  clean and confortable 
Dear Jean-Paul Kassis, Many thanks for your great support. It is fantastic to see your full score. We hope to see you back one day. Kind regards, GM
Location and staff
We accept with humility and on behalf of all staff and management progress to this outcome of the evaluations and the excellent breathtaking always increase the integration team We will be pleased to welcome you again and serve you here at Rose Garden Hotel Apartments, Al Barsha.  - By Management - 1050385621.
Great location, excellent bed, very good breakfast, nice bar
Dear Sveinn,  Thank you very much for taking the time to share your comments regarding your recent stay at Sofitel Frankfurt Opera on Booking.com. How nice, that you liked our “my bed concept “and the location of our “city palais “. We are very happy that we could meet your expectations. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback, and we will share your comments with our team. We are certain that your feedback will serve as an encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services. Thank you again for sharing your experience and we hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back to Sofitel Frankfurt Opera in the near future Yours sincerely, Fabian Senf  Guest Relations Manager Sofitel Frankfurt Opera
The comfort, the location, the design
Dear Eddy, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your time with us and that the accommodation was comfortable and laid out well. We look forward to welcoming you back again. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
location - excellent for exploring Evora. breakfast was especially good. unique facilities
Dear Neil, Thank you for your visit to Pousada Convento de Évora and for taking the time to share your feedback on Booking. I hope you had a pleasant journey back home. Your comments about our Breakfast and Pousada made us feel very proud in the work we do every day with the main goal of exceeding each guest expectations and make each stay a Memorable Moment. We do hope you can visit us again in the future so that we can have the pleasure of welcoming you once again. Kind regards, André Freire, Unit Supervisor
Wonderful location and staff
Dear John, Thank you for your visit to Pousada Convento de Évora and for taking the time to share your feedback on Booking. I hope you had a pleasant journey back home. Your comments about the Pousada location and staff made us feel very proud in the work we do every day with the main goal of exceeding each guest expectations and make each stay a Memorable Moment. We do hope you can visit us again in the future so that we can have the pleasure of welcoming you once again. Kind regards, André Freire, Unit Supervisor
Everything superb
Dear Gabrielle, Thank you for your visit to Pousada Convento de Évora and for taking the time to share your feedback on Booking. I hope you had a pleasant journey back home. Your comments about the Pousada made us feel very proud in the work we do every day with the main goal of exceeding each guest expectations and make each stay a Memorable Moment. We do hope you can visit us again in the future so that we can have the pleasure of welcoming you once again. Kind regards, André Freire, Unit Supervisor
Everything is fantastic, staffs are overly nice, all of them
Dear Matana, Thank you for your visit to Pousada Convento de Évora and for taking the time to share your feedback on Booking. I hope you had a pleasant journey back home. Your comments about our staff made us feel very proud in the work we do every day. I am really happy to know that we were able to make your weekend even more special. We do hope you can visit us again in the future so that we can have the pleasure of welcoming you once again. Kind regards, André Freire, Unit Supervisor
Possible to get an early check-in Great breakfast Friendly staff who spoke decent English Nice gym We got a complementary upgrade Good views of the surrounding area Free bike rental
Dear Frank, Warm greetings!  I do apologised for the very late reply to Booking.com I want to thank you for taking the time to tell Booking.com Readers the hotel is very good. Great breakfast and friendly staff. On behalf of all of us here in Ninh Binh, we would like to say thank you and we are glad to have you stayed with us.  Once again, thank you for taking the time to write this review. Warm regards  Mr. Jimmy Wee General Manager
Very big, clean and luxury room Friendly staff Bikes to use for free Just outside tam coc, but all the restaurants in tam coc in walking distance
Dear Saskia, Warm greetings! I do apologised for the very late reply to Booking.com I want to thank you for taking the time to tell Booking.com Readers that the hotel has clean and luxury room.  We would like to say thank you and we are glad to have you stayed with us.  Once again, thank you for taking the time to write this review. Warm regards  Mr. Jimmy Wee General Manager
This is a new hotel, it opened ten months ago At the reception they can speak English Miss Margherita, the supervisor, was very kind and even served us in the restaurant since the waitress never understood The breakfast is average, nothing special Our room on the top floor was very spacious with a comfortable living room and sleeping room with good bed Even though it was not perfect, we enjoyed our stay and can definitely recommend this hotel
Dear Dr. Jan, Warm greetings! I do apologised for the very late reply to Booking.com I want to thank you for taking the time to tell Booking.com Readers the hotel is very good and new hotel. Your room were very spacious and comfortable. The the room accomodation is clean and tidy and we are situate in an ideal location for tourist.  Thank you for kind words and encouraging comments that would spur us to do even better in our service provision. Ms Margherita appreciated your positive comments on good services and further training for our service provider and efforts needed to enhance our breakfast offerings. On behalf of all of us here in Ninh Binh, we would like to say thank you and we are glad to have you stayed with us.  We will take your constructive comments where improvement is needed and in future do better in our service provision. Once again, thank you for taking the time to write this review. Warm regards  Mr. Jimmy Wee General Manager
Excellent Hotel, huge room with comfort bed Breakfast is delicious with plenty of choices
Dear Nora,  Warm greetings!  Apologised for the very late reply on booking.com  I want to thank you for taking the time to tell Booking.com that we have very friendly hotel staff.  Thank you for the positive comments on good services rendered by our hotel staff. I will be sharing your comments to my hotel team members.  On behalf of all of us here in Ninh Binh, we would like to say thank you and we are glad to have you stayed with us. Once again, thank you for taking the time to write this review.  Warm regards  Mr. Jimmy Wee  General Manager
Clean room, we even got a complementary upgrade Good breakfast Friendly staff
Dear Mitch Warm greetings from Ninh Binh Hidden Charm! My sincere apologies for such a late respond. I want to thank you for taking the time to tell Booking.com Readers the hotel is very clean rooms and good breakfast. Thank you for kind words and encouraging comments that would spur us to do even better in our service provision.  On behalf of all of us here in Ninh Binh, we would like to say thank you and we are glad to have you stayed with us.  Once again, thank you for taking the time to write this review. Warm regards  Mr. Jimmy Wee General Manager
Great comfort for myself and the kids for an end of school holidays night away. Nice and close to walk to shops and attractions. Breakfast divine
Dear Amanda, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was happy to read that you and your family enjoyed your time with us and that it was a nice end to the school holidays. We look forward to welcoming you back again. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Location is perfect
Dear Hong, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was happy to read that you enjoyed your stay with us and we look forward to welcoming you back again. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Close Proximity to the Gorge and other walks. Food facilities history location and staff were all excellent. Loved it. Great value
Dear Christine, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was delighted to read that you thoroughly enjoyed all aspects of your time with us and that the facilities and staff met all your expectations. We look forward to welcoming you back again. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
The comfort, the location, the design
Dear Eddy, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your time with us and that the accommodation was comfortable and laid out well. We look forward to welcoming you back again. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
had a small issue with my room but staff went well above to help fix the issue
Dear Kylie, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your time with us and that the staff were accommodating in assisting to resolve the issue with your room, making for a very enjoyable stay. We look forward to welcoming you back. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
the place was fanastic
Dear Cherie, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was happy to read that you enjoyed all aspects of your stay with us and we look forward to welcoming you back again. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
We did not have breakfast
Dear Jo, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was delighted to read that you thoroughly enjoyed your stay with us and we look forward to welcoming you back again. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Hotel was well situated close to restaurants and local attractions Room was tastefully furnished and bed was quite comfortable A really well laid out room with everything we needed
Dear Kirsty, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was happy to read that you enjoyed your time with us and the location and layout of the accommodation. We look forward to welcoming you back again. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Close to everything, clean and tidy and great value for money
Dear Susan, Thank you for your review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was delighted to read that you thoroughly enjoyed your time for us and that the accommodation was comfortable and tidy and we look forward to welcoming you back. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Large rooms, great bathrooms with powerful showers
Dear Karen, Thank you for your review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was happy to read that you enjoyed your time with us and we look forward to welcoming you back again. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Great location and very helpful and friendly staff
Dear William, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your time with us and that the staff were accommodating during your stay. We look forward to welcoming you back. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Perfect location- walking distance into the city and also to the esplanade broad walk Bed was very comfortable and the suit had everything we needed
Dear Beverley, Thank you for your review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was happy to read that you enjoyed your time with us and that the accommodation was comfortable and the location of the property convenient to the main attractions of Launceston. We look forward to welcoming you back. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Liked the old heritage building, it added character
Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was delighted to read that you thoroughly enjoyed your time with us and we look forward to welcoming you back. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Location, Clean, Quaint
Dear Andre, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was happy to read that you enjoyed your time with us and that the accommodation was comfortable and clean. We look forward to welcoming you back. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Clean accommodation and courteous staff with excellent facilities
Dear Joseph, Thank you for your review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was happy to read that you enjoyed your time with us and all the staff were friendly and courteous and the hotel facilities met all you needs during your stay. We look forward to welcoming you back. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Very helpful staff
Dear Karl, Thank you for your review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your time with us and that the staff were accommodating and we look forward to welcoming you back again. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
Nice location
Dear Lan, Thank you for your recent review of Leisure Inn Penny Royal, I was happy to read that you enjoyed your time with us and we look forward to welcoming you back. Stay Well, Natasha Beck
I have stayed there several times The staff is always kind and helpful The breakfast is great My grand kids love the pool
Thanks for staying with us and hope you have a great 2017! Carol Broer GM
We stayed at this hotel in a studio type room with kitchenette The hotel is Very comfortable and luxurious with low price The staff was very friendly and highly recommend this place
We very much appreciate your comments Dharmesh and are delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay here at Mercure Launceston. We hope to see you again soon.
Location Refurbished rooms View from room over City Park
We very much appreciate your comments Richard and are delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay in our refurbished rooms here at Mercure Launceston. We hope to see you again soon.
* The bar on ground floor was awesome. Love the pool table.  * High speed NBN 75 Mbps internet speed
We very much appreciate your comments and are delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay with us here at Mercure Launceston. We hope to see you again soon.
Amazing hotel and venue
Dear Guest, Thank you for your preference and your kind review. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back soon. Kind regards, The Management
The whole place and all the staff were fantastic
Dear Guest, Thank you so much for your wonderful review! we hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back soon. Kind regards, The Management
The hotel was clean and comfortable and located perfect for our needs
Thank you for taking the time out to submit a review. We are glad to see that your stay was satisfactory. We are glad that it made you feel comfortable and it was clean. We hope to see you back in the future.
The bed was so cozy and the staff was helpful
Thank you so much for your feedback, Donna. We love hearing that our guests are satisfied with the service we provide. We certainly hope that we get to see you again soon. Thank you so much for staying with us.
I thought I was at the 'Ritz' No need to go to Europe when you have the 'Red Lion'
Thank you so much for your amazing feedback, Richard! That means a lot to us, as we do everything that we can to make sure our guests have a pleasant stay with us. We certainly hope that you will come back and stay with us the next time youre needing to make lodging arrangements! We would love to have you back.  Thank you, Mandi Johl - General Manager
Room over all good and comfortable
Thank you for your feedback, Bobby! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay with us, and hope that you come back next time you have lodging needs.  Thank you, Mandi Johl - General Manager
Nice breakfast, very close to Arlanda Express Train and the shopping district Lots of restaurants and attractions nearby Hop On Tour bus stops right outside
Thanks for feedback from your stay at Central Hotel. Anna-Karin Norin
Perfect stay Lovely hotel Comfortable room Very good quality of bed and pillows  Helpful and polite staff Delicious breakfast, lot of choices, cold and warm beakfast, lactosfree etc Restaurant La Gare is so charming, good food and friendly personnel We will be back to this hotel
Thank you so much for very nice comments from your stay at Central Hotel. We are so glad that you enjoyed the hotel.  Welcome back. Anna-Karin Norin
Very comfortable beds, great breakfast with lots of variety, very close to Arlanda Express train station, great staff
Thank you so much for nice feedback from your stay at Central Hotel. Anna-Karin Norin
I was give a strange room with a window going out into the inside of the hotel I asked to change and was easily given a room that a window outside
Thank you so much for your answer. I am glad that my staff changed your room as soon as possible. Welcome back. Anna-Karin Norin
Nice hotel, perfect location Breakfast is well above expectation! Recommended! The railway station is just 5 min by walk, and all the airport shuttles are available from there
Thank you so much for positive comments from your stay at Central Hotel. We are so happy that you enjoyed the hotel. Anna-Karin Norin
I like the design of the hotel, the people, location and the best breakfast ever
Thank you so much for your answer, I am so glad that you enjoyed the stay. Anna-Karin Norin
Attractive room - smallish but comfortable and well furnished. Excellent breakfast
Thank you so much for your answer. I am glad that we delivered a good experience. Anna-Karin Norin
Good breakfast and happy stuff
Hello eero, Thank you for your feedback from your recent stay at the hotel with us. It feels great to hear that that you like our breakfast buffet. Welcome back! Kind regards, Jakob Forsgran  Guest Relations Manager
Rooms were really nice and a great selection at breakfast
Hello Hayley, Thank you for your feedback from your recent stay at the hotel with us. We are glad to hear that you like our rooms and the breakfast buffet. We wish you a warm welcome back!  Kind regards, Jakob Forsgran Guest Relations Manager
Great brakfast, minimalistic but clean and functional interior
Hello Jan, We would like to thank you for your feedback from your recent stay at the hotel with us. It feels great to hear that you like the breakfast buffet and the interior of the hotel! Welcome back! Kind regards, Jakob Forsgran Guest Relations Manager
Hotel Scandic Grand Central is perfectly situated for a visit in Stockholm I't's really situated in the heart of the city You take the Arlanda Express from Arlanda airport and you get into the hotel in three minutes from the railroad track taking the lift to Kungsgatan The personnel in the hotel at the reception and in all hotel are extremely friendly The breakfast is great, offering a great variety of food and drink The rooms was very quiet, well equipped and beautiful Beds are very confortable I warmly recimmend this for all visitors in Stockholm
Hello Eeva, Thank you for your excellent feedback and recommendations for future guests! We are very happy to hear your kind words about Grand Central! We wish you a warm welcome back! Kind regards, Jakob Forsgran Guest Relations Manager
Location, total package fitted very well with our plans
Hello Pasi, Thank you for your kind words about our hotel. Welcome back! Kind regards,  Jakob Forsgran Guest Relations Manager
Everything OK Hotel in the area with many restaurants
Dear Ivan, We are grateful to hear you enjoyed your stay. It sounds like we were able to meet all your expectations and our location provided good access to many great dining options. We hope you come back and see us again soon.
service, breakfast, room, location - all perfect
Dear Agnes, We are glad that you enjoyed your stay with us and hope that you can come visit us soon again! Best regards Frida Hansson Belokda
Very nice and kind personnel! Excellent location and great breakfast Comfortable and modern room design
Dear Johan, We are glad that you enjoyed your stay with us and looking forward to see you soon again!  Best regards Frida Hansson Belokda
The beds were comfortable, it seemed clean, nice staff Good location to the University
We are pleased to hear that our property is in a location that works well for you near the University. It means so much that you took the time to tell us how comfortable the beds were because we understand the value of a good nights sleep. Knowing you were greeted by friendly staff and given a clean, comfortable room is great news as well. We certainly hope this means youll come back to see us soon. Thank you again!
Everything OK Hotel in the area with many restaurants
Dear Ivan, We are grateful to hear you enjoyed your stay. It sounds like we were able to meet all your expectations and our location provided good access to many great dining options. We hope you come back and see us again soon.
This hotel is near the center so you can use taxi because the price of taxi is cheap
Dear Berbiche, I would like to thank you for having taken the time to post your wonderful review on Booking. It is great to read that we were able to deliver a memorable experience for you during your stay. I am sincerely happy that you have fully enjoyed all the facilities and services of the hotel. Please be assured I will personally share all of your nice words with all of our staff. Thank you very much for recommending the Royal Mirage Deluxe Marrakech and we hope to have you back very soon Jamal EL HAJOUI General Manager
Clean, comfortable and at a fair price
Dear Valued Guest, We trust you had a fantastic weekend and that you are enjoying 2017 thus far. Thank you for your review, We are delighted that you enjoyed your Executive Suites Group experience, your feedback is greatly appreciated. We hope you have a wonderful year ahead and we hope to welcome you back in the near future. Have a lovely day further. Kind Regards Management
The best place to stay in Agadir, price, location, friendly everything is amazing there
Dear Guest, Thank you so much for choosing to stay at the Kenzi Europa and for taking the time to review your recent stay. We are glad that you had a good stay with us and we appreciated your valued feedback. Thank you once more for sharing your comment with us and we look forward in welcoming you again in the future. Kindest Regards, M.C MAHFOUD FILALI  Directeur Général de l’Hôtel Kenzi Europa
Excellent hotel, very good location
Dear Madam Vanesssa, We would like to thank you for taking the time to review our hotel and for such great words. All our team was pleased to have you and we are glad that you enjoyed your stay in Kenzi Europa.  We will be thrilled to have you back among us one more time. Kindest Regards, M.C MAHFOUD FILALI  Directeur Général de l’Hôtel Kenzi Europa
I like the great staff of the hotel especially the front desk receptionists
Dear Mr. Mousa, Thank you so much for choosing to stay at the Kenzi Europa and for taking the time to review your recent stay. We appreciated your valued feedback. All our team was very happy to have you among us and we are glad to know that you enjoyed the quality of our service. Our staff is doing its best to make your stay enjoyable.  We would be honored to welcome you again among us in Kenzi Europa Hotel in your next visit to Agadir. Kindest Regards, M.C MAHFOUD FILALI  Directeur Général de l’Hôtel Kenzi Europa
viskas super
Dear Lina! Thank you for writing review about your stay in Baltic Beach Hotel &amp; SPA. We are pleased to see that we could meet and exceed you expectations. We will be sincerely happy to welcome you again at Baltic Beach Hotel &amp; SPA.
Everthinh
Hello, Thank you for taking the time to review your weekend break. I am delighted to hear it was perfect, and you found it to be a beautiful place. I hope we have the opportunity to welcome you back in the future. Kindest regards, Gemma Guest Relations Manager
The location of the hotel is good . It's old hotel but it's ok for couple of nights
Dear Sir, Thank you for taking time to share your comments regarding your stay at Royal Mirage Fes Hotel. We are delighted that you were satisfied during your stay in our hotel, Looking forward to welcoming you soon. Yours sincerely.
great friendly clean comfortable relaxing great breakfast
Dear Leona, Thank you for your patronage. We are at your service until your next visit. Sincerely Priyatna General Manager
Staff very accommodating and helpful
Dear Emer, Appreciated your kind and generous review on your stayed with us. I am delighted to hear that our staffs took good care of your stayed See you again at the soonest Warm Regards
Nice and clean place; From the reception to restaurant and room all staff is careful and gentle; Breakfast is very good also; Recommend the place to stay
Dear Glaucio, Indeed, it is a fantastic review on us. I am glad to hear that you enjoyed everything served in our hotel and the staff too great care of your stayed. We are excited to hosting you back again in the near future Warm Regards Priyatna General Manager
Such lovely staff Rooms exceptionally clean Great breakfast included and the most comfortable bed and pillows All amazing for the price The staff make the place great
Dear Lisa, Thank you for your review . It is always a pleasure to receive a generous and kind feedback. This really makes us feel great and good acknowledgment that we have done well See you again soon Warm Regards Priyatna General Manager
Absolutely new hotel Great interior and location
Dear Ekaterina, Thank you very much for your great review on us. Appreciate your kind and honest sharing experienced. Hope to see you again very soon. Warm Regards Priyatna General Manager
Great staff
Dear Egbert, Thank you for taking time to share your feedback. We are glad to read that you enjoyed the hospitality of our staff. We look forward to welcoming you again in your next trip to Bali. Sincerely, Budhiratmanu General Manager
The hotel looks just like in the pictures
Dear Mrs. Istarlin, Thank you for taking time to share your great review of Fontana Hotel Bali, a PHM Collection. We will share your kind words to all staffs as they will be delighted to hear that they have enhanced your star and keep improving ourselves for great service. We are definitely looking forward to welcoming you again in your next trip to Bali. Sincerely, Budhiratmanu General Manager
The best location and very nice staff
Dear Mr. Bambang Susilaning, Thank you for taking time to share your great review of Fontana Hotel Bali, a PHM Collection. We are glad to read that you had enjoyed the hospitality of our staffs. We will share your kind words to all staff as they will be delighted to hear that they have enhanced your star and keep improving ourselves for great service. We are definitely looking forward to welcoming you again in your next trip to Bali. Sincerely, Budhiratmanu General Manager
We like the hotel's location and room cleanliness
Dear Rima, Thank you for taking the time to share your impressions of our facilities and services at the Fontana Hotel Bali. It is wonderful to hear that you enjoy to stay with us. We are looking forward to welcoming you back in the near future! Warm regards, Budhi Ratmanu General Manager
Staff was very friendly. Hotel was gorgeous Great price
Dear Jessica, Thank you for taking the time to share your impressions of our facilities and services at the Fontana Hotel Bali. It is wonderful to hear that you enjoy to stay with us. We are looking forward to welcoming you back in the near future! Warm regards, Budhi Ratmanu General Manager
Great location with friendly staff Had a wonderfull stay
Dear Steven, First and foremost we would like to thank you for the praising review you shared following your recent visit to our Barceló Old Town Praha hotel and are delighted to read that we were able to match your expectations.  We thank you for your good comments toward our staff. It makes us very happy to read that our guests had a great stay with us. Once again, thank you for having chosen us. Yours sincerely, Gustavo Guidobono General Manager
Great place in the Heart of Prague
Dear Matthew, Thank you so much for having taken your time to share your feedback on booking.com. We feel very happy after reading your great comments. It would be a pleasure to see you in a future visit to Prague. Best regards, Gustavo Guidobono General Manager
The staff were perfect 
Dear Guest, Thank you very much for your great review!
The location could not be better and the standard of the room was great
Dear Guest, Thank you very much for sharing this great review of your recent stay at Barceló Old Town Praha. We are thrilled that you have enjoyed your stay and certainly agree that our dedicated staff plays a key role to our guests overall experience. The entire team works very hard to ensure that we deliver a high standard of service and a warm, memorable experience.  Best regards, Gustavo Guidobono General Manager
ottima colazione
Carissimo Sergio, la ringraziamo per il bellissimo feed back che ha scelto di lascare per tutti gli utenti di booking.com. Recensioni come la sua sanno gratificare al massimo la nostra passione per lospitalità! Nellattesa di riavera presto come nostro gradito Ospite, tutta la famiglia del Melià Genova le augura un Buon Natale ed un Felice Anno Nuovo  Laura Apuzzo Guest Experience
Excellent staff, great location and facility
Dear Ivelin, thank you for choosing Nh Collection Hotel and for having shared your experience. We are glad to read that you appreciated our location, staff and service. We hope to welcome you again maybe for a leisure trip to offer you a new and extraordinary experience. Sincerely, General Manager Marco Scola
Fantastic restaurant; hot chocolate bar is very welcoming on a cool winter day--and then there's the evening wine tasting
The icing on the cake is the local wine we share with our guests during our evening wine hour in the lobby. Im so glad you enjoyed it!
Close to State Street, shopping and restaurants. Very comfortable room & bed
Thank you so much, we love being close to high end shopping and the Urban Wine Trail. Thank you for sharing!
Staff was outstanding - great location- we got an upgrade without asking - cozy, comfortable, classy room - jumping bar and restaurant that was fun and good - we will stay there again in sunny weather next time to enjoy the beautiful pool deck with nice views
Sandra thats awesome- thank you for sharing! You should join Kimpton Karma to hear about more potential rewards of staying with us and yes- that rooftop pool deck is incredible, thanks for spending a moment to share your feedback.
Bar staff Desk staff
Dear Mrs April, Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon. Sincerely, Flavio Simioni GM
Great location, comfy bed, spacious room and helpful staff
Dear Ms Louise, Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon. Sincerely, Flavio Simioni GM
All staff are friendly and helpful The breakfast is fantastic The the sauna and the fitness club are excellent This is my fourth stay
Dear Abdalla Ali, Thank you very much for your review. We are delighted that you keep coming back to us, considering The Marmara Taksim Hotel as your home in Istanbul. We are thrilled to read your comments and look forward to your next visit!
Excellent breakfast
Dear Guest, Thank you very much for your excellent review and we look forward to welcoming you back in the near future.
Mostly everything was perfect
Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for your excellent review.
Breakfast is great Location is excellent
Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for your excellent review.
entrance was amazing & and handy phone
Dear Guest, Thank you very much for your kind feedback.
The staff was excellent and let us check out a little late The facilities were top-notch Amazing value for the price Great location with some decent beach views Highly recommend  Oh, and the room is fully stocked Shoehorn, iron + board, hairdryer, kitchen set with wine glasses, plates, pots and pans, full (Korean style) kitchen, rice cooker, toaster, stovetop, sink No microwave Great place
Dear Gregory Thank you for your comments at Booking.com We were delighted to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us, at the same time, we are happy to have met your expectations in service and quality standards.  Receiving such positive feedback from our guests motivates us to further improve our commitment to delivering good service.  Once again, thank you for your valued patronage.  From all of us at Citadines Haeundae Busan, we look forward to welcoming you again at any one of our service. Jenna KIM
The building exactly above the Haeundae subway station exit, walking distance to Haeundae Beach with stretch of restaurants along the way, room very clean & comfortable with kitchenette
Dear Mya Thank you for your kind reviews. All of staffs at Citadines Haeundea Busan do the best to serve best services. Thank you again!
Location and value with easy car parking
Dear Guest. Thank you for sharing your valuable experience stay here. Were delighted being with you and hopefully your last stay was wonderful. We look forward to seeing you in the future more better service again. Have a wonderful day.
Location, next to metro station
Thank you for staying with Citadines Haeundae Busan and appreciated your kind feedback to us. We look forward to seeing you in the near future again. Have a great day. Thank you very much.
Location , staff ,
Thank you for your feedback. Looking forward to welcoming you back.
The upgrade we got on our room was amazing. I've never stayed in anything like the wellness suite and the view was incredible
Dear guest, Many thanks for your feedback. Thank you for your praise. We would be pleased to be allowed to welcome you in the hotel another time. Sunny greetings from Saas-Fee Stefanie Gärtner and Team Ferienart
Phenomenal breakfast with numerous cheese, local meats fruit and pastry options Great pool and spa Convenient free shuttle service
Dear guest, Many thanks for your feedback. Thank you for your praise. We would be pleased to be allowed to welcome you in the hotel another time. Sunny greetings from Saas-Fee Stefanie Gärtner and Team Ferienart
All good for me
Dear Mr. Nicolas, Thank you for taking the time to write your review of our property.  Your feedback is extremely valuable to us. We work very hard to ensure our services and facilities meet our guests’ expectations, and are proud to read that in your case, we managed to do so. We continue to be committed to provide you and all our guests with the highest standard of hospitality service.  We look forward to welcoming you again at Samaya Hotel Deira.  Best Regards,  Samaya hotel management
breakfast is good and the price is even better
Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for taking the time to write your review of our property. We are very delighted to learn that you liked the facilities of our hotel and the level of service we have provided during your stay. We continue to be committed to providing our guests with the highest standards of hospitality service. We look forward to welcoming you again at Samaya Hotel Deira. Best Regards, Samaya hotel management
Good breakfast, helpful staff, clean, good gym, close to airport, shuttle to the beach and shopping centers The shopping centers are also in a walking distance Would consider staying there again
Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for taking the time to write your review of our property. We are very delighted to learn that you liked the facilities of our hotel and the level of service we have provided during your stay. We continue to be committed to providing our guests with the highest standards of hospitality service. We look forward to welcoming you again at Samaya Hotel Deira. Best Regards, Samaya hotel management
The location of the hotel is very near to the airport and that makes it lot more convenient with regards to the conveyance part
Dear Mr. Kumar, Namaskar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us.  We are delighted to know that you have had a pleasant stay with us. We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always. Thanking You. Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai
eating on terrace
Dear Fabrizio, Namaskar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us.  We are delighted to know that you have enjoyed your meals at our roof top restaurant- Mostly Grills.  We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always.  Thanking You. Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid, Mumbai
I just love this hotel everything was perfect the staffs are amazingthank you so much for everything will surely come back soon
Dear Bruno, Namaskar! On the outset your recent feedback, we are deeply humbled with your token of appreciation for our team, our team is our strength and your generous praise about our services and facilities will indeed encourage them to continue their efforts in creating everlasting memories and remembrance for all our discerning guests.  We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always.  Thanking You.  Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai.
really good They accommodated my early check in request at almost no charge And I took a breakfast buffet, amazing it was Just loved it
On the outset your recent feedback, we are deeply humbled with your token of appreciation for our team, our team is our strength and your generous praise about our services and facilities will indeed encourage them to continue their efforts in creating everlasting memories and remembrance for all our discerning guests. We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always.  Thanking You.  Warm Regards, General Manager  The Orchid Mumbai
Ideally located and well received
Dear Mr. Leclerc, Namaskar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us.  We are delighted to know that you have had a pleasant stay with us and have enjoyed the services offered by our associates.  We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always.  Thanking You. Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai
Good service
Dear Neelakamal, Namaskar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us. We are delighted to know that you have had a pleasant stay with us. We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always. Thanking You.  Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai
I like the attitude and friendliness of staff specially felix at front office,i would really like to appreciate his work and attitude Always courteous and smiling
Dear Akansha, Namaskar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us.  On the outset of your feedback, we are deeply humbled with your token of appreciation for our associates, we are your generous praise about our services and facilities will indeed encourage them to continue their efforts in creating everlasting memories for all our guests. We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always.  Thanking You.  Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid,Mumbai
Very conveniently located. Staff, especially the bellboys are really very nice
Dear Anant, Namaskar! Thank you for your email pertaining to your recent stay at The Orchid, Mumbai. On the outset your recent feedback, we are deeply humbled with your token of appreciation for Bell Desk team, our team is our strength and your generous praise about our services and facilities will indeed encourage them to continue their efforts in creating everlasting memories for all our guests. We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always. Thanking You. Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai
They were kind enough to offer a free shuttle for the 3 of us to the close-by domestic terminal
Dear SirMam, Namaskar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us.  We are delighted to know that you have had a pleasant stay with us and have enjoyed the services offered by our associates. We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always. Thanking You. Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai.
Friendly Staff Customer Service
Dear Ben, Namaskar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us.  We are delighted to know that you have had a pleasant stay with us and have enjoyed the services offered by our associates.  We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always. Thanking You. Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai
Beds were extra comfy Bathroom were neat
Dear Rahul, Namaskar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us.  We are delighted to know you have had a pleasant stay with us. We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always. Thanking You. Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumabi
The Location of the Hotel was excellent The service & check in procedure was quick The Roof Top Cafe was a Sight to See The Room was ready & up to the mark to make our WEDDING ANNIVERSARY even more SPECIAL
Dear Smita, We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for celebrating your special occasion. We wish you many more years of togetherness.  On the outset of your feedback we are deeply humbled to know that you have had a pleasant stay with us and have enjoyed your meals at our roof top restaurant- Mostly Grills.  We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always.  Thanking You.  Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai
Amazingly gorgeous hotel
Dear Saurabh, Namaskar! We Thank You for your feedback pertaining to your recent stay with us at The Orchid Mumbai. We are deeply humbled to know that you have had a pleasant stay with us. We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always. Thanking You.  Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai
good breakfast , friendly staff right from the security , welcome guards, receptions every one
Dear Denzyl, Namaskar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us. On the outset your recent feedback, we are deeply humbled with your token of appreciation for our team, our team is our strength and your generous praise about our services and facilities will indeed encourage them to continue their efforts in creating everlasting memories and remembrance for all our discerning guests. We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always.  Thanking You. Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai
it's been really good time
Dear Rakesh, Namaskar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us.  We are delighted to know that you have had a pleasant stay with us.  We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always.  Thanking You. Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai
Friendly staff,  The CHAIRMAN himself was around the hotel making sure that guest dint face any problems
Dear Denzyl, Namakar! We Thank You for choosing The Orchid Mumbai for your recent stay and sharing your valuable feedback with us. We are delighted to know that you have had a pleasant stay with us and have enjoyed the services offered by our associates. Its under the leadership and guidance of our Chairman- Dr. Vithal Kamat, that we are able to provide the best hospitality standards to our guests.  We look forward to an opportunity to welcome you back soon assuring the best services always. Thanking You. Warm Regards, General Manager The Orchid Mumbai
Look patient in cleanse leanness
Greetings Jennifer,   We appreciate your feedback and look forward to hosting you again when you are next able to plan a beach escape.   Warm Regards,   Design Suites Hollywood Beach
everything
Dear Ekaterina,   Wow! Thank you for sharing your wonderful review! We were delighted to host you as our guest and so happy to see that you enjoyed your time here with us. We’ve shared your positive comments with our team and all extend their gratitude. We can’t wait to welcome you back on your next Florida beach getaway!   All the best,   The Historic Hollywood Beach Resort
just fitted what 3 friends in a room with a budget needed
Dear Margaret,   We were delighted to welcome you and appreciate your wonderful review! We’re thrilled that you and your friends enjoyed your beach getaway and were happy in our spacious and well-appointed rooms. We pride ourselves on offering wonderful memories at a great rate and we’re so happy we succeeded with your group. Hopefully, you’ll make your Florida holiday an annual event and we’ll look forward to hosting you again next year!   Best regards,   The Historic Hollywood Beach Resort
It was so close to the water it was amazing
Dear Lebdys,   Wow! Thank you for sharing your wonderful review! We’re thrilled that you enjoyed our beachfront location and hope you got to spend plenty of time in the sand and surf. Our team takes pride in offering clean and comfortable accommodations for our guests and we’re so pleased to see that you appreciated their efforts. We’ll certainly pass on your positive feedback!   All the best,   The Historic Hollywood Beach Resort
Restaurants
Dear Mr. Serrao, Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon. Thank you, Ridul Deka General Manager ibis Mumbai airport.
Everything just perfect for a quick stopover
Dear Guest, Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon. Thank you, Ridul Deka General Manager ibis Mumbai Airport
Bed could have been big bigger
Dear Guest, Thank you for your patronage to our hotel. We appreciate you spending the time to share your experiences with us. Being a globally recognized economy brand, our hotel rooms and beds are designed after extensive market research to make optimum utilization of space. ibis being a part of international hotel chain maintains the same ambience and standard as you would find anywhere in the world. Being a globally recognized economy brand our hotel is designed after extensive market research to make optimum utilization of space. I do hope to have the chance to welcome you back to the hotel again soon. Thank you, Ridul Deka General Manager ibis Mumbai Airport.
For the price we also were able to borrow bicycles and beach chairs and towels
Dear Susan, we really appreciate your time in writing a comment for your stay in our place! Indeed, our amenities are enjoyable for all our guests, we offer Value for your money! We are confident that we will host you again in your next visit to Hollywood Beach! All the best, Pam Garcia.
close to the beach and restaurants. chairs for beach, bike available for clients
Hello there! We thank you for choosing Hollywood Beach Suites! Its wonderful of you to take the time to share the details of your experience. We cant wait to see you here again. Best, Katrine
Really like the free Bicycle usage 
Awesome! Hey Aaron! Were so happy your time was a lovely 10 rated one here with us. Its fabulous to read you enjoyed our free bicycle rentals- popular with our guests! We hope youll come again soon. Warmest regards, Katrine
I loved the SPA ! Amazing
Dear Mr. Fadi! Thank you for taking your time and sharing your review about your stay in Baltic Beach Hotel &amp; SPA. We were very pleased to see that you enjoyed your stay and gave us such high rating. Also thank you for appreciating our SPA center where to guests we offer more than 400 different treatments. We are sure that you will find something suitable and enjoyable for you. We are looking forward to see you back in Baltic Beach Hotel &amp; SPA.
viskas super
Dear Lina! Thank you for writing review about your stay in Baltic Beach Hotel &amp; SPA. We are pleased to see that we could meet and exceed you expectations. We will be sincerely happy to welcome you again at Baltic Beach Hotel &amp; SPA.
Deluxe room with sea view is good Very polite staff
Dear Natalja. Thank you for being our guest! We are delighted to receive such a positive feedback from you. We are happy that you enjoyed chosen room category and we are pleased that you found hotel‘s personnel polite. Our team will always do utmost, to make each guest stay as comfortable and pleasant as they can. We are looking forward to welcome you back to Baltic Beach Hotel &amp; SPA.
The service is very good
Dear Guest, Thank you for your review. We hope to create many more awesome memories on your future stays. Warm regards, Visheshwar Raj Singh General Manager, Trident, Bandra Kurla, Mumbai
Staff move mountains to ensure guests enjoy a pleasant stay Staff are timely and efficient even by western standards
Dear Mr Philip, Thank you so much for leaving such lovely comments. We are happy to hear that we have succeeded your expectation and your overall experience has been wonderful. It will be a great motivation for the whole team to hear about your satisfaction and I will not fail to let them know. We look forward to welcoming you back to The Lalit, Mumbai.  Yours Sincerely. Nikita Panvalker, Reservations Manager.
One of the best hotels to stay in Mumbai.. amazing stuff .. clean room.. awesome breakfast
Dear Mr Ram, Thank you for your splendid review and for giving us the opportunity to provide you with our best services and hospitality. Your kind comments are greatly appreciated. We look forward to welcoming you back to The Lalit, Mumbai.  Kind Regards, Nikita Panvalkar Reservation Manager
Everything
Dear Mr.Puneet, I am delighted to know that you had a wonderful stay with us. Please allow me to thank you for your kind words with regards to the hotel and its facilities which you found awesome. Thank you again for being our guest, and I look forward to welcoming you back to The Lalit, Mumbai in the near future.  Yours sincerely, Nikita Panvalkar Reservation Manager
Great locationvalue for moneyoverall excellent 
Dear Mr Mritunjay, We are glad that we were able to provide you an amazing stay.  We look forward to greeting you again one day in the near future. Yours sincerely,  Nikita Panvalkar, Reservations Manager
Excellent location near Mumbai airport and friendly staff Excellent restaurant Baluchi food and staff
Dear Ms Eisa, Thank you for sharing your review and for your gracious comments about the facilities, staff and hotel location.  We will always welcome the opportunity to be of service Yours sincerely, Nikita Panvalker Reservations manager
I had 4 meetings and they were all within 30 mins Cab ride Very convenient
Dear Mr Vishal, Thank you for your splendid review and for giving us the opportunity to provide you with our best services and hospitality. Thank you for staying with us and your amazing review. Your kind comments are greatly appreciated. We look forward to welcoming you back to The Lalit, Mumbai.  Yours sincerely, Nikita Panvalker Reservations manager
It was awesome comfy will visit again we enjoyed our stay
Dear Mr Manoj, Thank you for your splendid review and for giving us the opportunity to provide you with our best services and hospitality. Thank you for staying with us and your amazing review. Your kind comments are greatly appreciated.  We look forward to welcoming you back to The Lalit, Mumbai.  Yours sincerely, Nikita Panvalker Reservations manager
Staff were friendly and helpful Made my request for puri at breakfast seem to be no trouble
Dear Guest, Greetings from The Leela Mumbai. Thank you for your feedback and we are pleased to hear that you were satisfied with the overall experience of your stay with us.  We pride ourselves in providing our guests the Signature Leela experience and appreciation from guests further encourages and motivates us in our quest of providing luxury hospitality. We are pleased to hear that we were able to delight you in terms of the culinary experience which has been specially crafted for discerning guests like yourself. Your kind appreciation of our associates motivates and encourages us even further. If there is anything more you would like to share with us, which can guide us to make your next stay more memorable and comfortable, we would be delighted to hear from you. We look forward to welcoming you back very soon. Yours Sincerely, Sameer Sud General Manager
Awesome
Dear Guest, Greetings from The Leela Mumbai. Thank you for your feedback and we are pleased to hear that you were satisfied with the overall experience of your stay with us.  We pride ourselves in providing our guests the Signature Leela experience and appreciation from guests further encourages and motivates us in our quest of providing luxury hospitality. If there is anything more you would like to share with us, which can guide us to make your next stay more memorable and comfortable, we would be delighted to hear from you. We look forward to welcoming you back very soon. Yours Sincerely, Sameer Sud General Manager
Great location This is an excellent location, close to the airport If you're traveling internationally and don't want to cope with the 3AM connecting flight, this is a great place to add a day, and take a more comfortable flight It's very comfortable and surprisingly quite, given the proximity to the airport
Dear Guest, Greetings from The Leela Mumbai. Thank you for your feedback and we are pleased to hear that you were satisfied with the overall experience of your stay with us.  We pride ourselves in providing our guests the Signature Leela experience and appreciation from guests further encourages and motivates us in our quest of providing luxury hospitality. If there is anything more you would like to share with us, which can guide us to make your next stay more memorable and comfortable, we would be delighted to hear from you. We look forward to welcoming you back very soon. Yours Sincerely, Sameer Sud General Manager
location breakfast restaurant courtesy of employees
Dear Sir, Namaskaar !!! Warm Greetings from MAHODADHI PALACE - A Beach View Heritage Hotel !!! It was indeed a pleasure to have you staying at MAHODADHI PALACE during your visit to Puri. We are really thankful to you that you have spare your valuable time in providing such beautiful feedback on our services and location. Your experience will definitely encourage other travelers to choose our place. We are happy to know that the Buffet Breakfast at our GA - Ethnic Village Theme Restaurant was liked by you. We have adopted the village theme to extend the very best of our Cultural Ethics and service to all our guests at MAHODADHI PALACE. Your feedback has been shared with my team which will definitely encourage them to become more attentive towards guest requirements. Hope you will visit again soon with your family and friends. I assure you of our best service and attention at all times. Thanking You !!! ASHISH MISHRA General Manager
The staff make you feel very pampered Ambience, the property is very peaceful
Dear Mr. Stacey, Greetings from Radisson Blu Resort &amp; Spa Alibaug !! We thank you for choosing our Hotel for your desired leisure destination and patronising our Hotel on booking.com site. Your comments are very precious to us. We look forward to welcome you back at our Hotel. Regards, Aparup Biswas, Front Office Manager.
I would like to sy about the break it was goood but the breads where not that good Had lot of fun and awsome place pleasant place
Dear Mr. Sherbaz, Greetings from Radisson Blu Resort &amp; Spa Alibaug !! We thank you for choosing our Hotel for your desired leisure destination and patronising our Hotel on booking.com site. Your comments are very precious to us. We look forward to welcome you back at our Hotel. Regards, Aparup Biswas, Front Office Manager.
The location of the hotel and the hotel's environments is very comfortable
Dear Villona,  Thank you for the time to review our property during your recent visit to Melaka. We are glad that your stay at The Pine Melaka have met your expectations. We certainly look forward to welcoming you back in the future soon! Thank you once again.
The design of the room is awesome
Dear June, Thank you for staying with us during your recent trip to Melaka. We are glad that our hotels room design have met your expectations but sadly we missed the mark by not exceeding it. We certainly look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel soon. Thank you.
The best hotel for spending time
Dear Mastahir, Thank you for staying with us during your recent trip to Melaka. We are glad that our hotels location, facilities and services have exceeded your expectation. We certainly look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel soon. Thank you.
The size of the room
Dear Chong, Thank you for staying with us during your recent visit to Melaka. We are glad that you were impressed with the size of our guest room. We certainly look forward to welcoming you back to The Pines Melaka soon.
Everything was nice
Dear Laura, Thank you for taking the time to provide this feedback. It is so wonderful to hear that you were pleased with your accommodations and our excellent location. We hope we will have another opportunity to exceed your expectations again very soon!  Touran I. Rateb  General Director
Clean, comfortable & near beach 
Thank you for the awesome review!!!! We are happy we met your expectations on the cleaning of our rooms, we strive to give you the best stay possible. Our location is pretty cool, you don't have to drive anywhere once you've made yourself at home! Thank-you again and we hope to see you again soon. 
Everything
Dear “Keith”,    Thank you so much for this great review of your recent stay with us. We are happy that you have felt comfortable during your whole stay and it makes us very proud that you rewarded us with all five points. We wish you a wonderful Christmas time and it will be our pleasure to welcome you back soon.   With best regards,     Torsten K. Schulze   General Manager  
The room; the atmosphere and the location 
From our comfortable guest room to our prime location we’re thrilled you had a perfect stay!  Thank you for taking the time to let us know.  We would love to welcome you back to The Fairfax at Embassy Row!  
everything 
Dear Hesham Thank you for choosing the Rixos Pera Istanbul whilst staying in Istanbul and thank you for sharing all your valued comments . We are looking forward to welcome you again at Rixos Pera Istanbul! Kindest Regards,
Staff Architectural design Understated beauty Bike for each room  
Dear guest, Thank you for such a wonderful review. We are delighted that you enjoyed the beauty of our natural surroundings and the service provided by our people. The Banyan Tree family look forward to your next visit where we will be waiting to welcome you to your home away from home! Kind regards, 
Beautiful, clean and welcoming
We are happy you enjoyed our service and hope you will return to enjoy our many amenities.
SERVICE
Dear Valued Guest, We thank you for your kind feedback. We are glad to know that you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to the pleasure of having you back in the near future. 
Modern facility and priced below the value
    Thank you for sharing the experience from your recent visit to Hilton Garden Inn Barranquilla.    Your feedback is incredibly valuable to us, as it best evaluates our product and service offerings.     We value you as our loyal guest and look forward to serving your lodging needs again in the near future.    Sincerely,  
Suites are spectacular  
Dear Guest,     On behalf of NIZUC Resort & Spa, I would like to thank you for the opportunity you have given to us by staying in our Resort.     We appreciate your comments in regards to our service, restaurants and staff.    We hope to welcome you back in a near future.    Best regards,    Jaime Jaramillo 
The staff customer service, clean comfy spacious room
Thank you very much for your very nice review. I was happy that you enjoyed your stay and I hope to see you back soon.  Best regards  Jorgen Rasmussen  General Manager
Cute boutique hotel with friendly staff , nice valets & bellmen !we
Hi Sherri!    Thanks for taking the time to leave such a helpful review for guests. We're very glad to hear that our location allowed you to explore the city but still stay warm! We hope you'll come see us again soon. 
Everything  
Dear D&D,      Thank you for your recent feedback from your stay with us at the Holiday Inn Express & Suites in Bend, Oregon.  We are very happy that your stay with us was a good one.  We hope to see you again on your next trip to the area.  Best Regards, Guest Services 
Cleanliness
Thank you for your feedback. We loved serving you and having you as our guests.  Hratch Basmadjian  General Manager
It was safe and clean
Dear Ida,    Thank you for your recent review regarding your stay here at the Days Inn!  We are glad that you found our property comfortable, clean, and secure.  We recently did renovations this past summer and we are glad to hear that our work is paying off!  We also work hard to ensure that our staff provide a friendly environment, and we are glad to hear that you found the staff helpful and courteous.  We hope we can welcome you back to the property in the future!     Best regards,  Corinne Banning  Hotel Operations Manager
Loved the location  Room was large, comfortable and bright  Staff were friendly and helpful
Thank you, Kim, for reviewing Melrose Georgetown Hotel. I am thrilled to hear that our convenient location and well-appointed accommodations exceeded your expectations  during your first visit to DC. We look forward to your next visit when perhaps you might enjoy our signature restaurant and lounge, Jardenea.    Best,  Jale Hashimi
Everything
Dear Guest,    We are very happy to learn that you had such a great experience with us.  Our teams' daily goal is to answer to our Guests' needs with kindness and professionalism.  Your comment is very special to us because it shows that our goal was accomplished.  We will continue to do all of our efforts to improve our service every day.  We hope you stay with us again soon.    Kind Regards,    Mariana Mourão   Customer Experience Manager
Location and style of hotel (modern)
Dear Guest    Thank you for your lovely review and the 5 star score you gave us. I was very pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and hope to welcoming you back in the future.     Matthias Sutter, General Manager
The room was really, really beautiful
Thank you for your review.  I am so pleased you enjoyed your stay and hope you will join us again once renovations are complete in June 2017.  Sincerely,  Indu Brar, General Manager
Modern, clean, friendly
Dear Simon,    Thank you so much for such a detailed review. We are happy that you enjoyed your stay with us and hope to get the chance to accommodate you again in the future.  
small, away from hustle bustle of all tourist, clean and comfortable bed
Hello Traveller, - Thank you for taking the time to rate us 5 stars. We really appreciate all of your kind words and hope to have the chance to host you again. :-) 
Large clean rooms with very friendly welcoming staff
Dear guest,  Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us. We are delighted to hear, that you especially enjoyed our friendly welcoming employees as well as our unique location.  We are looking forward to welcoming you again!  Best regards from beautiful festive Vienna,  Magdalena Kessler Marketing  and your Sans Souci Team
Location and upscale amenities 
We appreciate your continuing loyalty to The Georgian Terrace. We are delighted you loved our facilities and how happy you were to be directly across the street from Atlanta's Fabulous Fox Theater! Thank you for acknowledging the efforts of our well-trained staff for the job well-done. We hope to welcome you back soon for more southern hospitality and another outstanding visit!     Sincerely,  J. Mark Williams,  General Manager  
The Leisure Deck where the pool is located (11th floor) affords one lovely views of Dubai at night as you have a drink during Happy Hour 
Dear Smooches/Boston, Thanks for your review! It was very nice to see that you enjoyed your stay with us and liked our service and facilities. We hope to see you again soon!
Accomodations and service
Thank you for your five star review.  We appreciate your comments and look forward to welcoming you back in the near future.
Location and Charm
Dear Jennifer,    Thank you for your lovely comments in recommending the Park International Hotel to other reviewers.    It is always nice to read such comments of guests who enjoyed their stay with us.    We look forward to welcome you in the near future.    kind regards,    Aflal Jabir  Operations Manager
Easy to get from lobby to room
Dear Valued Guest,    We are very pleased to hear that you had an exceptional Read House experience. It was a pleasure serving you!    
Quality and service  Easy taxi service
Thank you for making the choice to stay with Pan Pacific Orchard.     We are pleased that you enjoyed the convenience of staying at our hotel, which is in the heart of Orchard Road and a very strategic location that brings our guests just a few steps away from must-see attractions and various entertainment options.    We hope that you will return to Pan Pacific Orchard, as we will certainly welcome the chance to impress you again!     Warmest regards,  Craig Syphers   General Manager
Perfect room  Wish we could have stayed longer
Dear Carol,     Thank you for the wonderful feedback. You are one of the savvy travelers that can express your opinion in a very clear way.  We look forward to your return should you choose to include this location in your future travel plans.     Regards,   Nigel Williams, GM
Excellent service
Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for such a positive feedback after your recent stay at Anantara Lawana Koh Samui Resort.  We are happy to read that you enjoyed your stay with us in the Plunge Pool Room. This type of accommodation offers a comfortable room with a semi outdoor bathroom, and a small pool in a tropical garden, ideal for those who search for some privacy.  We are delighted that you appreciated the facilities of our resort and especially the staff attitude as something that will recall you the amazing days in Samui. I will most definitely share your feedback with the entire team.   Thank you for your notes on our Breakfast. Every morning our chef and his team prepare a wide variety of fresh products to our guests start the day with a rich and healthy meal.  It was also a pleasure to have you on our wine dinner where some of Samui's most famous chefs prepared a special menu to pairing with a great selection of wines.  Once again thank you very much for having chosen our resort for your stay in this beautiful island. My team and I are looking forward welcoming you back soon.
The character of the hotel and the staff are always very helpful and friendly
Thank you so much for your return.  We are very glad to hear that you enjoyed your time at the hotel.  We are also very happy to count you as part of our loyal guest.  We look forward to see you again soon.  Best wishes
Beautiful building! Room was quiet 
Dear Justin,  We highly appreciate your comments and we are very pleased you enjoyed your stay with us.  Thank you for taking the time to write to us, it is fulfilling to receive such wonderful comments.  We hope to be able to welcome you again in the future.  Best regards from Barcelona,  
Discovering the extensive breakfast offerings on the concierge level. Salmon, capers, cucumber for bagels
We're thrilled to have been a part of your family holiday getaway and appreciate knowing how our services and staff made your stay so memorable.  Thank you for letting us know how our holiday decor and events put you in a festive mood!  We hope you'll plan a return visit to The Chase Park Plaza!  
Excellent location; friendly staff; clean and well decorated; very affordable 
Greetings from Urban Villa!    Thank you so much for your wonderful review, and thank you so much for the 5 stars too!    We are so pleased that you enjoyed your stay with us and we really hope to see again soon.    Thanks again,    The Urban Villa Team
Clean and service was very good
Dear Maria,    Let us thank you for choosing Excellence Playa Mujeres as host of your holidays.    We are delighted to know that you had a fantastic time at our resort and our colleagues, providing and excellent service and the great quality of the food encountered were able to exceed your expectations.     We truly hope to have the privilege to welcome you back in a near future.    Receive our warmest regards!  
Great service, from front desk to restaurants
I appreciate you mentioning so many aspects of the Resort that lived up to your expectations, from our privileged location to the warm service that has come to define us.     Your comments are a great source of motivation for each of us, as it reflects our hard work and passion.     We look forward to your return, we would be delighted to be your hosts once again.     Sincerely,     Alfredo Santamaria  General Manager 
Quiet, relatively small, attentive and friendly staff, good facilities
We are thrilled you enjoyed your stay wth us at Hotel Teatro + that you had a truly boutique experience with our staff and accommodations. We hope to see you again soon!    Best,  Brittney Hemela  Marketing Manager
cleanliness, helpful, near site and airport
Dear Guest,    Thank you for your comments. The nicest compliment that our team can get is your desire to return.    We are truly happy to learn that you enjoyed the quality of our food, our location and the cleanness in general. The availability and the friendliness of our staff is a characteristic of all of our staff members, and we are very happy to know that you felt them.    We look forward to your next visit to our hotel.    King Regards,    Ana Cláudia Branco   Customer Experience Manager
Very clean, quiet and more lively areas separated, good food variety Nice view of the ocean and private  Staff are amazing and friendly
Dear K,     We are always happy to read this kind of comments where our guests had a positive experience with us, it is really nice for us to read that you enjoyed your recent stay with us.     We really appreciate your comments, we love when people appreciate our staff, they are always giving their best to please every guest and they just ask a smile in return, our pool staff is always going to exceed any expectation you have because our concept is Unlimited Luxury,  on the other hand, our entertainment staff have everything planned so anyone enjoy themselves with all our different activities.        Thank you very much again for taking the time to share your comments with us, and hopefully you let us be your hosts again sometime soon.     Best regards,   Monica Moreno  Social Media Coordinator  Secrets Puerto Los Cabos Golf & Spa Resort.    
Great service, nice atmosphere, good room size and bathrooms were larger
Hello Chris,  Thank you for staying with us at Royalton. We know you have many choices when deciding where to stay and we’re pleased that you chose to spend your time with us. It was great to hear that you enjoyed your visit!  Your taking the time to share your experience means a lot to me and the rest of the team.     Best and cheers,  Aleksandar M.
Exactly what I need
Thank you for your great review, I was thrilled to read it. We are looking forward to welcoming you back to the hotel in the near future. 
Helpful staff
Dear Guest,    Thank you for staying with us and recommending the hotel to other reviewers,    We look forward to welcome you back in the near future.    kind regards,    Aflal Jabir  Operations Manager
all the staff was very friendly  
Thank you so much for your great review and please come again very soon.   Warmest Regards,    Brent Gresham, GM 
Three restaurants, an all-night deli, beautifully decorated and very clean
Thank you for choosing to stay with us and I am glad to hear that your stay with us was a memorable one! We look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel in the near future.
Location and clean
Dear guest,     We are so pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay! Thank you for your wonderful feedback for our hotel. We will do our best to make your next visit a better experience.     Kind regards.   
Location, service and great service
Dear HerbandAnna,  Thank you for your great comments. We appreciate them.  We look forward to welcome you back in the near future.  Happy Holidays!
LOCATION
Thank you for such a wonderful review - I'm genuinely so pleased you would return... I really hope we can see you again soon in Edinburgh.
The view was awesome, close to any attraction
Dear Francis,    Thank you for sharing your experience and kind words. Vacations should always begin with champagne on arrival, wouldn't you say?    We are so happy to read you enjoyed your visit. I hope we'll have the pleasure of welcoming you back; it was wonderful welcoming you!
Functional/roomy apartments and friendly staff
Dear Guest,     Thank you for taking the time to share your most encouraging 5 out of 5 review of our hotel.     I am very happy that you had a great overall experience with us, that our location was convenient for your needs and that you have described our team was friendly.     I am very proud to read that you have described our family member Ken as very welcoming and helpful, I will be sure to thank Ken personally for her continued commitment to driving excellence.     Once again thank you for your recommendation and we look forward to welcoming you back in the not so distant future.     Warm Regards,     Ivo Tzvetkov  Cluster Director of Operations
Loved the umbrellas at all the doors
Dear Elizabeth, we're happy to hear that you and your daughter have made Resort at Squaw Creek your Christmas tradition. We're happy you enjoyed your suite! We look forward to welcoming you back to Squaw Valley again next year and please don't hesitate to reach out to us if there is anything that we can do to make your next stay even better. Sincerely - Andre Priemer, General Manager
Location, Staff and cleanliness
Thank you so much for your review of our hotel. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed your stay with us. It's something our staff takes great pride in, so we value your feedback. We hope you will visit us again. 
Luxury, comfort
Dear Karen,    Thank you so much for sharing this wonderful feedback about your recent Langham stay! We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your visit, the ambiance of the hotel and the many amenities we offer on property. It might be worth noting for any future stays that we actually offer a complimentary guest shuttle, based on availability, that may take you to and from local dining, museums and shopping in Pasadena. I will be sure to share these great comments with our team, who join me in looking forward to welcoming you back again, hopefully very soon!    Best Regards,  Vern Lakusta  Director of Hotel Operations
Hotel close to the beach, clean and staff very polite  and helpful
Dear Guest , thank you for taking the time to share this wonderful review with hotel.com community. We do appreciate your comments and we are looking forward to welcome you back and make sure that next time you have even a better stay,    Best Regards Luigi T 
close proximity to airport
Dear Guest,    Greetings of the day!    Thank you considering our hotel for your stay in Mumbai. Your feedback is valuable to us. The entire team at Courtyard by Marriott, Mumbai International Airport is disappointed to know that your expectations were not met.     I have personally looked into this matter and also shared your valuable feedback with the relevant teams. We would like to assure a better experience.    Do let me know when you are next in Mumbai and please be assured that the team is geared up to ensure that your perception about the hotel changes for the positive and I will be pleased to personally look after all the aspects of your stay.    I hope we have the pleasure of welcoming you back at our hotel.    Sincerely,  
A block away from high end malls 
Thank you for your review. I'm glad to hear that our staff were able to assist you with your flight concerns during your stay. It was our pleasure to be of service to you. We hope to welcome you back soon.
Staff, location
Thank you for making the choice to stay with Pan Pacific Orchard. We are pleased to hear that you like our hotel, and that you will recommend us to other travellers.    Our hotel aims to provide a truly unique experience, and we are thrilled that we were able to exceed your expectations.     We look forward to seeing you again and as always, continue to be at your service.    Warmest regards,  Craig Syphers   General Manager
Superior room, sea view, mini bar, cleanliness, amenities, there are speakers in the toilet to keep listening to whatever is on the TV
Dear Mr Gilbert, thank you for your review through Expedia. We are happy to see everything was to your satisfaction. This way we can keep approving our service. Kind regards, Rick Meisen, Guest Service Manager
Near everything
Thanks for the wonderful review, Andi!  It's fantastic you had such a lovely experience with us.  We're thrilled you took full advantage of our prime location and proximity to so many of the city's best attractions.  That's what we like to see!  We're looking forward to sharing another amazing experience with you soon!    Have a beautiful day!
Scenic view
Craig,    Wow, thank you for your kind words! Michelle is a true asset to our resort, and I have already passed your feedback along to both her and her managers, we appreciate you taking the time to recognize her. We are so happy to hear that your stay was so special, and we hope to welcome you back soon for another spectacular stay.    Sincerely,    Sean Clancy  Managing Director
clean
Thank you for your excellent review. We are pleased that you found our staff to be helpful and enjoyed our hotels' great location. We hope to host you for another five-star stay in the future.
Nice, comfortable room near Nationwide Arena
Thank you for your wonderful five star review of Hyatt Regency Columbus! I am happy to hear you were pleased with your stay, and hope to have you back with us again soon!
Excellent facilities and comfortable rooms.  The steam shower is always a plus
Dear Guests,   Thank you for the excellent rating and for the positive review of your stay with us. We truly appreciate your continued patronage. We look forward to be of service to you on your next visit.   Best regards.  
This is the nicest Hotel we have ever used
Thank you very much for your kind words about our hotel. I will share your compliments with our entire team and we look forward to having you back very soon!    Troy Mathews  General Manager
Everything
Dear Lisa,    We appreciate and value your review, the preference and endorsement.     My team and are looking forward to welcoming you back to the heart of Singapore.    Kind regards,    Giovanni Viterale  General Manager
Not the traditional 'motel' experience This is a hotel that serves the motel user
Thank you very much for taking the time to review our property George! We appreciate all feedback we get from our guests and we are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your time with us. We're so glad to hear that everything met your expectations throughout the facility and that you were treated with the respect you deserve by our staff. We’re so happy to hear that you got to go explore our beautiful little valley while you were here. If you ever want us to recommend some things for you to see in the area, just ask and we'll gladly help. Thank you for your business and we hope to see you again soon! Rachel Borders, Front Office Manager.
Good Location Friendly Staff Good Breakfast 
Dear Renato,    We are delighted to read that you fully enjoyed your vacation and thank you for your nice compliments.    Wishing you a great New Year 2017, we remain,    with best regards    Linda Labschütz / Internet Guest Relation Manager  Schick Hotels - Over a century of Viennese charm
Service is great
Dear Luis:  Thank you so much for your appreciation and recognition about our product and service. We look forward to welcoming you back soon.  Best regards,  Jaime Escalante,  Operations Assistant
everything 
Dear Valued Guest,  Thank you very much for sharing your experience about Rose Rayhaan by Rotana.   We are glad that we have met your expectations.   We will definitely look forward on your next visit very soon.   Sincerely,   General Manager at Rose Rayhaan by Rotana  
Safe clean and well maintained
Many thanks for your comment. Hope to see you soon again at K+K Palais Hotel. HAPPY NEW YEAR
size of rooms
What a fantastic review. It is so wonderful that you enjoyed your spacious accommodations as we understand the importance of a comfortable stay. Your compliments will be shared with our team, and we look forward to welcoming you back to the Luxe City Center Hotel the next time you are in the area.  
Everything
What a lovely review to read! We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay so much. We can't wait to welcome you back to our Coronado escape.    Sincerely,    Sean Clancy  Managing Director
friendly staff, room faculties, cozy lobby  
Dear Sona,    We are thrilled to have been part of this very special journey for you and highly appreciate you took the time for this perfect review. Thank you very much!    Especially your friendly words for our helpful staff come to our pleasure.    We hope your honeymoon continued this positive and maybe you’ll come again next year to celebrate your anniversary?    Wishing you all the best for your marriage and the New Year, we remain with best regards,    Isabelle Hein (Quality Manager) and the team of the Hotel Excelsior  
Location, staff, new freshness
Thank you for taking the time to leave such a detailed review, Ray. From our central and convenient location to our well maintained building and outstanding staff, we're delighted your expectations were exceeded. We look forward to having you back with us in the future.
Everything
Thank you for your review of Loews Hollywood Hotel and I hope to welcome you back to visit us again very soon!    James Lemon  Hotel Manager
All of the above
Dear Valued Guest;        I am so glad you found everything you needed in out property, from accessibility, to service and amenities, we hope to be your go-to place the next time you pass through.     Best;    Toni Bovino  Guest Relations 
Staff High floors Location
Dear Shane,    Thank you very much for taking the time to tell us about your experience at Pullman Bangkok Grande Sukhumvit.    It was such a delight to have you staying with us and your compliments have been well shared with our team!    We hope to welcome you back shortly!    Best wishes,    Daniela Karadzhova  Guest Experience Manager  
Super comfy beds
Dear Mr. Peter,    Thank you for choosing Bastión as your hotel in Cartagena and for sharing your experience with this community.    We feel very proud and happy to know that your stay was excellent. It is very satisfying that you liked our beautiful facilities and our staff, whicj is very important to guarantee you an amazing experience. We will share your comments with the staff to motivate them and become better.    We look forward to welcome you again on your next visit to the city.    Kind regards,    Ana María Azicri Gómez  General Manager
Everything 
Thank you Jackie for the wonderful review! We look forward to welcoming you back again soon!
Location; comfortable beds; quiet 
Dear Guest,    I am delighted that you had a pleasant stay with us.    Thank you for the wonderful review and we are looking forward to welcoming you again soon.    With best regards,     David Faull   General Manager        
Clean, quiet, great food, friendly staff
Dear C&C,     Your review means a great deal to my team!  We hope to welcome you back soon and thank you again for staying at Grand Isle Resort.    Sandra Grisham-Clothier, GM
The location, the lobby bar, the comfortable beds
Dear Chrissy,  We thank you for taking the time to give us feedback about your stay with us!  It is always a pleasure to receive positive comments about our service, as we work every day to improve it.  We hope to welcome you back in our property soon.  Greetings from Barcelona,  
About everything
Thank you for your lovely review.   Sincerely,  Indu Brar, General Manager
Location, staff and room
We work hard to make our guests happy and appreciate your feedback! We hope to see you again real soon. Thank you for choosing the Atlantic Hotel & Spa.
Staff is friendly and helpful
Dear  Johan,    Thank you for choosing the hospitality of Banyan Tree Bangkok and for taking the time to write a review about your recent experience.    It gives us great pleasure to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us, and thank you very much for sharing the gracious comments.    Thank you also for praising our associates, your words are a great testimony of their commitment and dedication to creating memorable experiences for our valued guests. We are very proud of our people and believe that they are amongst the finest in the industry, and your comments are an endorsement of such belief.    Again, thank you for choosing our hospitality and letting us know that we made your stay a special and cherished one. We look forward to welcoming you back to Banyan Tree Bangkok in the not too distant future.    With warm regards,     
Everything
Michelle - you literally made my day with your review. Thank you so glad to have made your son's day special.  Sandy Burkett, GM
Quality of staff and all amenities
Dear Guest,     Thank you very much for taking the time to share your experience with us.     We are delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay with us at Le Meridien Mina Seyahi and that you particularly appreciated the hotel's facilities and friendly associates.     We are looking forward to welcoming you back again soon.     Best Regards,   Tolga Lacin  General Manager   
location  staff
Dear guest,     Thanks for your comments, we are glad you have a good time in the Enchanted islands. 
just about everything
Dear "Mark",    Thank you so much for this great review of your recent stay with us. We are happy that you felt comfortable during your whole stay and it makes us very proud that you rewarded us with all five points. Your recommendation is a great appreciation for us and we will pass your compliments to our staff. It would be our pleasure to welcome you back soon.    With best regards,     Torsten K. Schulze   General Manager        
Had the room ready and as requested by us. Staff was prompt in service to any concerns raised by us.  They have the expedia travel guide counter
Thank you Junaid for taking the time to write this great review about your recent stay at the Hawaii Prince Hotel Waikiki. We are glad you were able to check in early and start to enjoy your stay.  We appreciate your positive comments about our staff and our newly renovated guest rooms.  Thank you for your feedback about the resort fee. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future.  Mahalo,  Charles Abbott
Staff, cleanliness
Dear Guest, Thank you for sharing your experience at the Oryx Rotana and for your compassionate comment and recommendations. I'm very glad to know that the level of our services and facilities exceeded your expectation giving you a relaxing and wonderful stay althrough out. Sincerely yours, Mark Timbrell General Manager
everthing was excellent breakfast was excellent 
Dear Katie,    Thank you for taking the time to leave this review.  I look forward to welcoming you back to Jurys in the near future.    Kind Regards    Rosie Liddy  operations Manager
Everything The view, the staff, the décor, the treats, and the location  
It is our goal to exceed our guests expectation and we are thrilled we delivered a quality experience.  Thank you for spreading the word of our great location, complimentary services and our spectacular team. Come see us next time.
everywhere clean
Thank you for your wonderful review. We are delighted to see that you enjoyed all aspects of your stay with us, from your room to breakfast, and that you intend to stay with us again.  We hope it will be soon, we look forward to welcoming you back!  Best Wishes, Vijay Patel,  General Manager
The hotel is easily accessible from DXB, close to the Union Metro Station  The bedding is extremely comfortable
Dear Lee,    Thanks a million for your wonderful review and we are delighted to have had you as our guest in the hotel once again.     It is great to read your nice comments about our location, comfortable bedding, easy check-in and check-out, cleanliness and breakfast. Our employees indeed provide the best service possible to all our guests and most of friendly too, they are a great asset to the hotel. I'm delighted that you felt this warranted special mention and I have already seen to it that your comments have reached our staff, especially Rosemary.    We can’t wait to welcome you back to the Radisson Blu Hotel, Dubai Deira Creek again!    Best regards,  Maria Tullberg  
The roof pool was amazing for soaking our feet in after all the walking we did, too cold to swim in/ also great views of Barcelona
Dear Guest,  Thank you for choosing NH Collection Gran Hotel Calderón in your recent visit to Barcelona and for taking the time to provide us with feedback.  It is a great pleasure to know that you enjoyed your stay with us and we look forward to welcome you back.    Best Regards,    Carlos Salomón  General Manager   NH Collection Gran Hotel Calderón  
Location, decor, friendly staff
Hello!    Thank you for taking the time to leave a comment! we are glad to read you enjoyed the friendly staff and the location of the hotel! Hopefully we may welcome you again in the future.     warm greetings from Amsterdam,  the art'otel team
location, staff, rooms, breakfast
Dear Hamid,   Thank you for your review of the Aryaduta Jakarta and great to read that you have a wonderful stay, our location does make accessing many parts of Jakarta simple.   Safe travels and have a wonderful year,   Michael M, General Manager
Location, breakfasts, rooms
Dear Marisabel,    Many thanks for choosing us for your recent stay and for sharing your feedback.    I am thrilled to learn of your immense satisfaction with your visit and that we exceeded your expectations.     I hope you travelled home safely and look forward to welcoming you back again in the near future.    Best regards,    Dale MacPhee  General Manager
everything
Thank You for the great remarks. Hope you will visit us again soon
location, pleasant room and good food
Dear S KUMAR,    Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon.    Sincerely,
Everything
Thank you for staying with us Robert! We hope to see you again soon!
Location, rooms and great service
Dear Guest,    Thank you for your great comments.  We are happy to hear how much you enjoyed your beach-side getaway and look forward to welcoming you back soon.    Sincerely,   Sean Steenson     Hotel Manager   Loews Santa Monica Beach Hotel
Great sleep, excellent location
Dear T    We truly appreciate you taking a moment to write about your experience with us at the Platzl Hotel.    Thank you for recognizing our excellent location, being situated directly in the city center of Munich, we are indeed very proud of.  The short distances to many attractions of the city makes the location of the hotel quite convenient for Munich visitors.  An big advantage here is that the transportation connection is very good and our guests are able to reach all the important parts in Munich very easily.    By way of information, we are in the planning stages of a total rooms renovation which, barring any unforeseen obstacles, we hope to begin in a few days. We will be excited to provide our valued guests with a new rooms product.    We hope you had a great time in Munich and that you'll come back soon.   Best wishes from the Platzl Hotel!    Heiko Buchta - General Manager
NICE STAFF
Thank you for your review. We are working hard with our renovations and we are excited to see how well you liked the change!! We hope to see you soon
Location, atmosphere
Dear Des,  Thank you for taking your valuable time to share your good experience staying with us. We are very happy to  know that our service and facilities met with your kind expectation. We hope to welcome you back again in the near future. With warmest regards, Sukanya Janchoo - General Manager
Clean spacious room and conveniently located
Dear,   Greeting from Four Points by Sheraton Bangkok, Sukhumvit 15,   Thank you for your feedback regarding to your recent stay with us. It was our pleasure to welcome you, your family or friends. Once again, we sincerely thank you for staying at Four Points by Sheraton Bangkok, Sukhumvit 15.We can’t wait to welcome you back here again on your next visit to Bangkok  Best Regards,  Four Points by Sheraton Bangkok, Sukhumvit 15
Great staff, perfect location
Hi Music Lovers,    We love music here at the gibson too so I'm delighted to see that you had such a great time with us and I'm sure you enjoyed your gig too!    It's brilliant to see that the team were so friendly and our location really couldn't have been better for you.    Hopefully we'll see you again for your next visit to Dublin.    Kind regards,    Clare  Guest Relations
Everything 
Aloha Elma. We are delighted to hear that you had an excellent experience and that our friendly staff helped to make your stay with us even more enjoyable and memorable! We look forward to seeing you again soon.   Warmest aloha,   Younes Atallah
Everything, location, rooms facilities staff
Thank you so much for rating us so highly, we’re thrilled you enjoyed your stay.  It was a pleasure having you as our guest, and we would love to welcome you back the Boston Harbor Hotel at Rowes Wharf for another great getaway!  
Very nice breakfast bar
Thank you for the five star review and we are very happy that you had a great stay with us.  Breakfast is a nice amenity that we offer and so glad that you enjoyed it.  Thank you for staying with us; hope to see you very soon.    Thank you Tom C.  General Manager
Can highly recommend the excellent breakfast  Room was good
Dear Margaret,   we woud like to thank you for giving as such a nice   review.   Your compliments about Reception Staff and Staff in general will definetely be forwarded to our employees.   Best regards from Vienna  Your Tigra Team
Location, cleanliness, size
Thank you for taking the time to post your comments about Quest Yelverton Kalgoorlie.  We are delighted that you were pleased and comfortable.
Food,rooms very modern and comfortable
Dear Sheri,     Thank you for taking the time to write a review on Expedia about Radisson on Flagstaff Gardens, we are thrilled to see that you enjoyed your stay. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed the food at HQ's as they were recognized as the best in the state at the 2016 TAA Awards. Thank you for your kind words about our service and staff, we will share your feedback with our team.     On behalf of our entire staff at Radisson we thank you for your business and we hope to see you again when your travels bring you back to the area!    Kind regards,    Colette Tobin  Director of Sales & Marketing
Near the airport. Friendly staff. Nice accommodations
Good Morning Laura,     Thank you for your 5 star review. We greatly appreciate your feedback. We are very happy that you enjoyed your stay. If you are ever in the area again, please keep us in mind. Thank you and have a wonderful day.     Sincerely,  David Kang   General Manager
Location and shuttle service
Wow, we are thrilled to know you had a wonderful start to your stay with us.     Hope to welcome you back soon!     Sincerely,   Sven Wiedenhaupt  General Manager
Staff was super friendly, great view, super pool, great food in bar
Thank you for providing your feedback on your experience at The Antlers, A Wyndham Hotel. We are so glad you enjoyed your stay and looking forward to accommodating you in the future!
Location, food, employees.   Everything 
Thanks for staying with us once again. We work hard to make our guests happy and appreciate your feedback!
The city view room, with walk-in shower The hotel was priced very well
Dear Valued Guest,    Thank you for taking your time to excellently review and rate us!    We are truly delighted to know that you had a memorable stay at our hotel and enjoyed our room, view and facilities.     We look forward to welcoming you again soon!     Best Regards,  Ramzy A. Faris,  General Manager  
Lots of shopping within walking distance
Thank you for the 5 out of 5 rating ! We really appreciate our guests -- and even more so, the repeat guests ! We welcome you, anytime !
Everything
Dear Valued Guest,    Thank you for your review on Expedia and for chosen Altis Avenida Hotel.    How great to know you enjoyed your stay at Lisbon and in our company. We are so pleased to know you appreciated the location of the hotel at the downtown, your room, our buffet breakfast served at our panoramic restaurant, Rossio and also the Guest Service from our Hotel's Team.     If you travel again to Portugal and Lisbon, we will be so pleased to welcome back at Altis Avenida Hotel.    Wishing you an Excellent New Year of 2017!    Kindest regards,  Artur Conceição  Guest Experience Manager
Close to UAFS campus Close to restaurants and highway 
Thank you for your feedback.  We are happy that you enjoyed your stay.  
Walking to Louisville YUM center
Thank you for choosing the Galt House Hotel on your recent visit. We are happy that you enojyed your time and the surrounding area during your stay. 
great vibe and very hip with euro feel
Welcome,    Thank you for your review. I'm glad you enjoyed the atmosphere at W South Beach, as well as our central location in the heart of the city! Thank you for making W South Beach your first choice when you visit Miami Beach. It is our top priority that every guest is satisfied with his/her stay, and I'm thrilled to hear that we surpassed your expectations. We can't wait to have you again!    All The Best,   Juan Brizuela, juan.brizuela(at)whotels(dot)com
Location, Food, Service, Cleanliness....really did it all right! :)
Dear Sarah,    First and foremost, allow us to thank you for choosing Excellence Playa Mujeres as host of your honeymoon and for taking the time to share your experience with all Expedia readers.    We are amused to read your amiable words regarding your experience with us and to know that you had a well-deserved relaxing time at our resort. Thank you for mentioning the friendly and attentive service provided by our staff which made your stay so memorable.     It will be a great honor to welcome you again soon and provide another romantic getaway.    Please receive our warmest regards from Excellence Family!  
Price, view, service, quality of room, room service and buffet breakfast was fantastic, pool and gym facilities were great, very spacious rooms
Thanks for the fantastic comments Garry. We look forward to welcoming you back soon.  Regards  Graeme
Shuttle to airport runs 24 hours  
Thank you for your feedback and see you back soon!
location beach
Dear Fitz:    Thank you very much for your kind comments; we are all very happy to learn your experience in this beautiful part of the Mexican Caribbean, along with our hotel and services, were appreciated and enjoyed.    We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back soon!    Cordially,  The Management
We liked that the hotel is very quiet, the rooms well appointed and the staff gracious and attentive
Lori, thank you for your review of Melrose Georgetown Hotel. I am thrilled to hear that you enjoyed our location in the heart of DC nearby the Georgetown neighborhood. We do our best to provide something for everyone at our signature farm-to-fork restaurant, Jardenea, and I am tilled that you enjoyed your experience. We look forward to welcoming you back again soon!    Best,  Jale Hashimi
Intimacy and design
Thank you for enjoying your time in Winter Park at The Alfond Inn at Rollins.  We hope when you are our guest next time,you will also explore our very own Hamilton's Kitchen. We hope to see you again, soon.
Am staying again in few days so will write then Home from Home
Dear Mr. Duncan, Thank you for your review and so glad to see that you are happy with our Dusit Hospitality. Wish you enjoying your stay. With warmest regards, Sukanya Janchoo - General Manager
Friendly staff
Hello Brian,  Thank you so very much for the great review and the 5 out of 5 rating regarding your recent stay with us!  Our team is happy that you had a good experience as our guest.  We also appreciate the kind words you shared about our accommodating and friendly staff, truly our best asset!  Thank you again for staying with us, we hope to see you again the next time you are in the area!  Sincerely,  David S.  ~  Management
The location was perfect
Dear Fadi,    Greetings from Houston and thank you for sharing your review.  We appreciate your wonderful comments regarding the attention to detail of our Housekeeping team and we are elated that you enjoyed our contemporary design and vibrant location.  We apologize if our parking rates were a surprise, though for the convenience of our guests, you will find that they are detailed on our profile on this and other sites.  We thank you again and look forward to welcoming you back.    Warm Regards,    Royal Sonesta Houston   
Clean, modern, chic. Enjoyed Zuma (restaurant)
Bazza:    That's fantastic! We love hearing all of these wonderful compliments about our property. Hopefully we get to spend some time together again soon. 
location
Dear Guest,     Thank you very much for your 5* review. We are delighted that you had a fantastic time with us.     Hopefully we can welcome you back to our hotel soon.     Kindest Regards,     Sean Sinclair  Rooms Division Manager  Trinity City Hotel
Staff was very friendly & helpful. Rooms recently updated- very nice job
Thank you for choosing The Pacific Inn for your recent Seal Beach accommodations. We are currently renovating our rooms to become our Executive Suites and also making updates to our breakfast room selection by adding seasonal fruits, sugar alternative, and non-dairy options. We also offer a complimentary shuttle that can take a guest anywhere within five miles of our facility by reservation. Thank you for your feedback and we hope to see you again soon!
clean, modern, fun
Thank you for staying with us and sharing your comments for other guest to read.    We hope you can come back and visit with us very soon.    With warm regards.    Anthonia
comfort of rooms, cleanliness, locations
Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for your feedback. I am thrilled to hear that you had an enjoyable stay and a wonderful time in Vienna.  Sorry again for any inconvenience with the construction area across the street - we really do our best to make our guests feel comfortable, even with the noise.   Thank you so much for mentioning, that we really care!!!  We are looking forward to welcoming  you again.  Best regards  Your Tigra Team
Location
Thank you for sharing your review with us! We appreciate your time and are delighted to know that you enjoyed not only your accommodations, but also our location! We hope to welcome you back soon! Wishing you all the best.
Its location
Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for your feedback. I am thrilled to hear that you had an enjoyable stay and a wonderful time in Vienna.  We are looking forward to welcoming  you again.  Best regards  Your Tigra Team  
I love how this hotel finds the perfect balance of modern and classic It is a gorgeous castle but yet very clean and modern inside
Dear Anna,    Thank you for choosing to stay with us at Lough Eske Castle recently.  Your kind compliments are genuinely appreciated by the entire team and it's great to hear that you enjoyed your stay so much - especially with regard to your room, your dining experience, the level of professional and personal service you received and your spa experience.  I do hope that you will return to stay with us again and we look forward to welcoming you back to the castle sometime very soon.    Best regards,  Seán Carney  General Manager  
The room was spacious for the 3 of us adults, the room view was amazing It  even had a funicular down to the Rio Iguazu which was a delightful find 
Dear Chris,     Thank you for have been stay in Loi Suites Iguazú Hotel.    We are glad to read your opinion, is a pleasure to know that you have had a very good time in our hotel.  Fortunatly we are a perfect location in the middle of the Iryapú forest which gives a place to relax to our guest.    We really hope you can visit us again.    Best regards,
Probably everything
Dear Guest,    Thank you very much for sharing your feedback of your most recent stay with us. We consistently strive to create memorable experiences and we are delighted that you had enjoyed our lagoon-style swimming pool, our signature breakfast buffet and the exceptional level of customer service. Your compliments have been shared with our team and we look forward to welcoming you back soon.    Kind regards,    Gobgeao Diessl  Manager, Online Distribution
What's not to like
Thank you so much for such wonderful comments about your stay experience. We are extremely delighted to know that you enjoyed your stay with us. Looking forward to welcome you again during your next visit.
Beds and pillows, staff and breakfast
Thank you for taking the time to fill out our guest review. We appreciate customer feedback!
Location was good
Thank you for your 5-star review, Trish, and for choosing us for your Austin visit. We're glad you enjoyed your stay and our proximity to the Austin sights.    We hope you'll stay with us again next time your travels bring you to Austin.
Everything was just perfect  Great room, great service, good food
Dear Mr. Alejandro,   Thank you so much for sharing your comments with us  and the traveller community.   We hope that you come back soon!
LOCATION AND HOTEL FACILITIES AND CONDITIONS
Hello dear guest    we really appreciate your feedback, it is very importan to us to receive all comments from our guests so we can improve day by day, we hope to see you back really soon!    Cristina Lugo Flores  Guest Relations  HOTEL NH COLLECTION GUADALAJARA PROVIDENCIA
Location
Dear Jose,    Thank you for taking the time to offer some feedback regarding your most recent stay at The James Chicago.  It is great to hear that everything about our location worked out so well for you.  You will have to come back and see us again to get to any attractions you may have missed this last time around.
Spacious room, very clean, quiet neighborhood
Thank you, Margaret, for rating us so highly.  We're delighted you enjoyed your stay and appreciated our great value, location, and comfort of your guest room.   It would be a pleasure to welcome you back to The Fairfax at Embassy Row!   
Clean, great room layout
We are glad that you loved the design of your spacious accommodations along with our friendly staff. There are so many attractions near our hotel, so we are delighted that you enjoyed our central location. Thank you, and we hope to welcome you back soon to the Luxe City Center Hotel.  
Everything
Thank you for staying with us. We are always pleased when our teams exceed our guest expectations. Thank you.
Everything
Dear Wadee    Welcome to AVANI Deira Dubai Hotel.  We are glad to hear that we gave a very good first impression about the hotel and wish you a wonderful stay.  Thank you for your feedback.  
views
Mubin:    Woah, you really know how to flatter someone! Thanks so much. We hope that we will be seeing you back again soon.
Location and staff friendliness
Hello Corbill,     Thank you very much for the fantastic feedback. I will be sure to pass on your comments to the Food & Beverage team and to our Executive Head Chef.     We are delighted that we were able to deliver 5* service and wow you during your recent visit.    See you again soon,     Kindest Regards,     Sean Sinclair  Rooms Division Manager  Trinity City Hotel 
Staff  Service  Spacious, well equipped rooms  Pool area and fitness suite
Dear Guest, Thank you for staying at Raffles Dubai and for sharing your comments on Expedia. We are glad that you had another brilliant stay with us. It is great to hear that you were impressed with many of our colleagues. Rest assured that Jessica, Gill, Frederick, Thandar, Queenie, Sidd and Lalaine will be praised for their jobs well done. It is also great to hear that you enjoyed the buffet breakfast in Azur Restaurant. We look forward to welcome you again soon. 
Beautiful and spacious rooms Friendly and kind staff Great view of the harbor Walking distance to mall Great hotel restaurant and bar 
Dear Meg,     Thank you for staying here with us at Radisson Blu Cebu. We are delighted that you had a relaxing stay in your spacious, clean suite and that you appreciate the warm hospitality rendered to you by the staff during your stay here.     We are also pleased that you liked the amenities of the Lobby Bar, the Buffet Menu at Feria as well as our close proximity to SM City Cebu.     We'd like to invite you to review us in Trip Advisor, It would be our pleasure to have your experience shared with all of our guests.     Looking forward to welcome you again on your next trip to Cebu.     Sincerely,     Laurent Boisdron  General Manager  
Old world charm with modern amenities. Lobby is spectacular. Catie the dog is fantastic
Hello, thank you for sharing your review with fellow travelers. We are delighted to hear that from arrival to departure your visit exceeded expectations and that you had the opportunity to meet our canine ambassador. Next time you visit be sure to schedule a walk with her, she loves to show guests around the neighborhood. Thank you again for your review and we hope to welcome you back, soon!
Close to the interstate
Thank you for making time for your comment and noticing the two highest priorities of locally-owned and managed Miles City Hotel & Suites, i.e. clean rooms and friendly staff. We hope to serve you again whenever you're eastern Montana.
Friendliness of the staff, cleanliness of premises, comfort of the room, nice restaurant. Excellent value
Joanne,     So glad to hear that you and your friend had a great time at the Monaco! We can't wait to host you both again soon!
Quiet, comfortable, and beautifully appointed Had everything I needed Loved the bath products
Dear Ellen,    What a wonderful story.  We are thrilled that you enjoyed your visit with us and we invite you to hurry back to see us again one day soon.    Intuitively Yours,    Copley Square Hotel  
location and facilities
Dear guest,Thank you for taking the time to review the hotel, let you know that we are improving our bar area to be more complete and updated. We will have a free snack area in the bar for our guests. Seeing things like this makes us feel so happy and proud of our work. We hope you come back to our hotel. Warmest regards from Barcelona.
Our room was very quiet
Thank you for staying with us and we are glad you enjoyed the use of our complimentary House Car service available to all of our guests at The Watergate Hotel.      We look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit to our nation's capital!
The service for special requests is great
Dear Ken    Thank you for posting your review and your comment on our service.     We are happy to see that you enjoyed the stay with us.  All the best from the Radisson Blu 1919 team.
Staff, restaurant, cost
Thank you for feedback. We're delighted you enjoyed your stay with us.  We're looking forward in seeing you on your next business trip to New York City.
Great thanks Love the 24 hour pool and jacuzzi
Thank you for staying with us and enjoying the largest pool and hot tub in town.  
We love the staff, the location and the food
Dear Davenjean,  We noticed that you enjoyed your stay very much.  Our location, as you mentioned is privileged due to the closeness to the malecon.  Our three restaurant offers a variety of delicious options for our guests..  We thank you for your loyalty and look forward to welcome you back in the near future.  Cheers. 
Staff, facilities and location excellent
Dear John,    Thank you for taking the time to write such a fabulous review following your experience at the Grand Mercure Phuket Patong! It’s a real delight knowing we have managed to exceed your expectations on many aspects of your holidays!    Thank you once again for your support and for placing your trust in our hospitality, we are looking forward to welcoming you back in a near future! 
Indian restaurant excellent
Dear Guest,    Thank you for your positive feedback.  We look forward to welcome you back at the hotel.    Warm Regards  Team Shangri-La
The room was spacious and clean 
Dear Rodrigo,    It is great to hear that you fully enjoyed your time at The James Chicago.  We will be unveiling our new lobby this Spring and we hope that you will return to see the finished product.  Our central location makes it easy to walk to many attractions in the neighborhood and I am happy that you were able to take advantage.
Numerous restaurants Variety of outdoor environments Spa experience was excellent
Dear Michael,    Allow us to thank you for recommending Excellence Playa Mujeres to all Expedia users.    We are thrilled to know that your experience at our resort went above your expectations the delicious food encountered was able to please you. Thank you very much for the positive remarks.    You are more than welcome for another amazing experience.    Warm regards from Excellence Family!  
The beds are comfortable Staff is excellent, very friendly, helpful Great location Clean Upgraded pool and gym area and rooms Quiet 
Dear Anonymous:    Thank you very much for taking the time to make your comments regarding your experience with us.     We are glad that you enjoyed your stay with us,   we are pleased that our facilities have fulfilled your expectations and It is great to see that our staff is doing a great job, also it is very good to see that you appreciate    We would like to serve you at the next opportunity     Best Regards,  
Clean
Dear Mr. or Ms. Anonymous, Thank you very much for your comments for us. We are happy to hear that you are satisfied with our room and location. We will do our best to meet your expectation as always. Thank you. Best regards,
See above
Dear Traveler,  thank you for your second stay in our hotel.  We are happy that you enjoyed your stay again and we are looking forward to your next stay !  with regards
Staff and cleanliness
Thank you for feedback. We're delighted you enjoyed your stay with us.
The service is fantastic Each and every staff member I encountered was friendly and eager to assist in any way to make our stay perfect
Dear Kari,    First and foremost, allow us to thank you for choosing Excellence Playa Mujeres as your holiday destination and for taking a valued time to share your experience with all Expedia users.     We are honored to have received such a high rating review from a valuable guest and to know that our colleagues went above and beyond to exceed your expectations with the excellent service provided. Moreover, thank you for your comments regarding the quality & variety of food served.    We will ensure that your kind comments reach the eyes and ears of all our staff at the resort. It means so much more when it comes from the opinion of our valued guests!    We look forward to welcoming you back soon for another memorable experience.    Receive our warmest regards from Excellence Family!  
Every thing 
Dear Fadi,    Thank you for staying with us and for giving a great review about your recent experience. We are glad to hear that you had a pleasant stay and you enjoyed the pool facilities.  Looking forward to welcoming you back soon!    With kind regards,  Sheraton Sharjah Team  
The staff is excellent
Dear Dave,  we do appreciate your full score to Duca d'Alba Hotel and the amazing review in which you talk about all what we have for Guests from all over the world to help them enjoy their time in Rome in the kind of room that better suits their needs. Thanks for quoting great places nearby for a roman meal or a coffee, or a lazy walk. Our location is undoubtedly excellent, for the proximity of the core sites and for the liveliness of the quaint, awesome Monti Area, which "sounds" can be closed off our very modern and fully sound proof windows.   Modern services and amenities, finally, define the offer.  It would be nice to welcome you back.  Sincerely,   R. Giorgi  Owner
Friendly, pool, weight room
Thank you for your great comments regarding your recent stay. We are happy to hear you were able to take advantage of so many of our amenties. Yes our pool area is beautiful and our Cafe does a great job. Maybe on your next visit you can stop by Zack's bar located just behind the cafe and has seasonal poolside service. Thanks again.
My suite was warm, comfortable, clean and stocked with neat additional amenities like binoculars and an umbrella  
Dear Buzzi- Thank you for this great review- we are so pleased you enjoyed your accommodation, found the decor elegant and particularly that you found the staff was supportive and helpful We are pleased you hope to visit again and look forward to your return! Warm wishes- Michael Briggs, General Manager
Relaxing atmosphere around the pool and beach areas, well maintained
Dear Scott,  Thank you very much for taking the time to post your review. We are pleased to read you found the pool and beach areas have a relaxing atmosphere and are well maintained.  Please note that the hotel provides with a shuttle bus to Dubai in order to facilitate your transportation. We look forward to welcoming you back at Fairmont Ajman.     Kind regards,  Fairmont Ajman Team 
See above
Reading that your stay was perfect in every way has warmed our hearts. We are happy to learn that you enjoyed our warm welcoming atmosphere and attentive service we provide. I look forward to sharing your experience with the team.  Please visit with us again at Hanover Inn Dartmouth. G. Keith, GM  
Everything  If I had to choose, it would be the pool and the location
Dear Guest,    It is a real pleasure for us to read the details about your stay in the Sofitel Legend Santa Clara.     As excellence is one of our values we all work in order to offer an immaculate service in all our outlets and rooms. It is a real pleasure that our guests appreciate the details and our staff’s service from the heart. I will share your comments with our team, especially with pool team and I am sure they will be very happy to know that they helped you to have a special experience in our 17th century monument.    Our privileged location helps us to better orient our guest by giving recommendations and offering a very detailed map of the walled city and we are very proud of our magnifique piscine.     We are happy to know that you had the opportunity to experience our food and beverages rituals with the mix of the French gastronomy and the local products.     Thank you very much for taking the time to share your experience for this special occasion and we hope to have the pleasure to welcome you again in the near future.    Sincerely,  
Well situated in the Miraflores district
Dear guest,    We are located on the heart of Miraflores near from all the attractions. Thank you for your comments.    Sincerely,  Brenda Baldoceda-Guest Services Manager
The location and beautiful rooms
Dear Lindy,    Thank you for taking the time to share your recent experience at Hotel Gault.      We are delighted to hear that our team left an everlasting impression during your stay with us and you were able to enjoy your getaway in Montreal.     We look forward to your next getaway!    Kind regards    Amir Bakir  Assistant Front Office Manager
Location and friendly staff and good clean rooms which have a great outlook
Dear Anonymous,  Thank you so much for staying with us.  We are happy to read that you enjoyed our central location, friendly staff and great views of the Pacific.  Looking forward to welcoming you back to the beach in the very near future.  Sincerely,  Sean Steenson  Hotel Manager
The beds and bedding
We are thrilled to read such positive feedback on your stay with us. Thank you for letting us know and we hope to see you again.
Location and service
Thank you so much for the 5 STAR review!  I'm so glad that you had a great stay with us.  It was a busy weekend with all of the volleyball guests...and we certainly appreciate the business.  See you next year!  Cheers,  Dan
Everything
Dearest Tim,     Thank you very much for such a positive review, especially for your kind comments about the great service provided by our staff, it's a true pleasure to know that your overall experience with us was enjoyable and met your expectations. Comments like yours motivate us constantly to do our best to maintain the quality of the service we provide and to improve every day.  We are looking forward to welcome you again at Live Aqua Cancun.    Warm Greetings,    Alfredo Santamaria  General Manager
Staffs, Room ,Massage ,Rooftop Bar   Professional services
Dear Valued Guest,    Your appreciation of our hotel facilities and of our team is truly heartwarming and we are all truly inspired by your comments to continue to strive to offer even better service to our guests in the future.     Thanks for choosing to stay at our hotel and we hope to be able to create a memorable experience for you again when you next return to stay with us    With best regards,       
Location, cleanliness and staff
Thank you for choosing to stay with us, and for the great review! Hope to see you the next time you stay in Walla Walla.  
The hotel itself was lovely, rooms spacious with all the amenities, right price, and while the restaurant menu was small, our meals were good
It was wonderful to read you enjoyed your stay with us.  We were also happy to hear your dog enjoyed its stay as well.  We look forward to welcoming you back!
great price, friendly staff
We appreciate your staying with us and are glad we were able to help you enjoy your stay here in St. George. My staff will appreciate your review and we hope to see you again.
Excellent location, perfect for airport bus
Dear guest,   Thank you for rating us with the best score, and for giving us your feedback. We greatly appreciate it.     Hope to see you again soon here on wonderful Bryggen. 
Clean, location
Dear guest,   Thank you for giving us the best score, and for giving us your feedback. We greatly appreciate it.     Hope to see you again soon here in Bergen. 
The location was great and the hot breakfast was a perfect way to start the day 
Dear valued guest,    Thank you so much for your review and kind words. We are ecstatic that we were able to positively impact your trip to Iceland and look forward to welcoming you back.    Best regards,    Daniel
Warm and inviting
Dear Lisa,    Thank you for sharing your wonderful review on Mövenpick Hotel Ibn Battuta Gate.    I was extremely pleased to read that you enjoyed our overall hotel facilities, highlighting, in particular, the smooth check-in process, the comfort of having enough space and cleanliness of our rooms, our convenient location opposite the Ibn Battuta Mall, the quality and variety of Dinner buffet in our Mistral Restaurant, as well as the level of service provided by our employees. Please rest assured, I will share your kind comments with the entire team.    We thank you for your recommendation and look forward to welcoming you back during your next trip to Dubai.       Best regards,    Paul Papanicolaou  Interim General Manager   
The staff, the aesthetics, the comfort of the bed, the cleanliness or the room
We love the positivity in your words, Candace! Let’s get you back soon for a restful evening.
Excellent links to the city bus/ trolley network  just outside the entrance 
Aloha!!!    Mahalo for staying here with us and for taking the time to provide feedback of your experiences. We're happy to hear you enjoyed our location and overall had a great stay. We appreciate your business and we hope to welcome you back in the future.     Me Ke Aloha Pumehana,   (with warmest aloha)  Natasha Akee  Guest Services Coordinator    
Big rooms, location, abundance of taxis
Thank you for your great comments and recommendation.  We hope to have to opportunity to welcome you back soon.  Until then, we wish you safe travels.
A convenient location and good access to the transport: train, bus and plane
Dear Guest,    Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are very proud that you enjoyed your stay and we hope to see you in your return to our hotel.    Sincerely,    
close to restaurants and public transportation
Thank you for your wonderful review, we are so lucky to be located in one of Sydney's best food precincts and in a location that is easy to access most parts of this exceptional city.    We look forward to seeing you again soon.    Best regards    Michael Sheridan  
Clean
What an entertaining evening all the way around! Thanks for staying with us.
Location to orchard road shopping precinct and MRT
Dear Kym, Thank you for your excellent feedback on Expedia. We are delighted to know that you had enjoyed our location and room. In the mean while, we all look forward to welcoming you again in the near future!! Warm Regards, 
The two on-site restaurants are excellent Nobu in particular is out of this world
Dear Madam, Dear Sir,     I would like to thank you for sharing your experience on Expedia.    It is a great pleasure to learn that you spent a wonderful time at the Fairmont Monte Carlo and in Monaco. I am pleased to read that you have enjoyed your stay with us and our different facilities, the location of the hotel and the Nobu restaurant.    We are strongly committed to the quality of service that we provide and we take very seriously all your comments in order to constantly improve and I will be more than happy share your comments with my teams.    We appreciate your feedback and hope to welcome you back to the Fairmont Monte Carlo again on your next trip to Monaco.    Sincerely,    Louis Starck  Hotel Manager  
The rooms were very clean
Dear Liz,    Thank you for taking the time to share your experience following your recent stay at Mövenpick Hotel Ibn Battuta Gate.     I was pleased to read that you had such an enjoyable stay with us, highlighting, in particular, our overall hotel facilities, the quality, and variety of breakfast buffet in our Mistral Restaurant, especially the level of service provided by our Concierge team. Please rest assured I will extend your wonderful comments to the rest of the team and I am sure they will certainly appreciate your feedback as much as I do.    Once again, thank you very much for your feedback and we look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel soon.      Best regards,    Paul Papanicolaou  Interim General Manager   
Rooms, staff, property
Dear Mr. / Mrs. Nthadani,    Warm regards from Wyndham Grand Istanbul Levent and I personally would like to thank you for your valuable comments as well as pointing our biggest strength. Location!  It is a great opportunity for us to receive both positive and negative comments so we will be able to make our selves and our service much much better.  I would like to pass my gratitiude on behalf of management team and myself.  Wishing to welcome you in Wyndham Grand Istanbul Levent soon.
Clean, good design, and geo thermal heating
Dear valued guest,    Thank you so much for taking the time to review your stay with us. We are glad to hear that you enjoyed it!
good location, clean and good staff and nice breakfast
Dear Abdul    We are happy to hear that you liked our location and the services we have provided.  With regards to your comment about the twin beds, we try as much as possible to accommodate all guest requests however we cannot guarantee them as they are subject to availability upon check in.  We are however glad that you enjoyed your 4 nights stay.  Thank you for your review and we hope to see you on your next visit to the hotel. 
Staff went above and beyond any questions or needs we had. Very helpful with tourist information
Dear guest,    We value your money and we understand that our job is to provide unforgetable experiences to our guests. We appreciate your comments and that you have chosen the Miramar to stay in Rio de Janeiro.    Sincerely,    Joao Ferraz
Location, breakfast and friendly staff
Dear Expedia Member,    Thank you very much for taking the time to share your review following your recent experience.    Firstly, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate you on your 16th wedding anniversary on behalf of the entire team at Rosewood London and it is such a pleasure for us to play as small part in your celebrations.    I would like to sincerely thank you for your lovely comments about our friendly and attentive associates, especially our Housekeeping team, who assisted you with your request.    I hope that we will have the opportunity in welcoming you back again for another special occasion.    Warmest regards,    Michael Bonsor, Hotel Manager
Clean big rooms
I am delighted to read that you enjoyed your Amora Hotel Wellington experience!  Thank you for your feedback; it is much appreciated and we look forward to welcoming you back again soon.  Kind regards,  Liam Craughwell, General Manager
Pretty much everything Abby at the front desk was awesome
Hello,    Thank you so much for the great review. Abby really is awesome and she will be thrilled you mentioned her. Thank you again and we hope to welcome you back soon.  
Location, value for money, room, and bathroom
Wow, thanks for the great review, happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and look forward to welcoming you back.
The staff helpfulness
We thank you for sharing your positive review and truly appreciate you highlighting the helpfulness of our staff.  We look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit to Melbourne.  Sincerely,  Alex Mihardja  Operational Project Manager
Nothing was a problem for the staff they were so approachable, and their tips for getting around in the city were invaluable 
Dear Ken,  We are thrilled to read of your wonderful experience in Melbourne, as well as at the hotel, celebrating your son's 21st birthday.  I shall share your positive experience with our team.  We look forward to welcoming you back in the near future.  Sincerely,  Alex Mihardja  Operational Project Manager  
everything
Dear guest,  I appreciate your kind words and giving us sucha a great review. We hope to have you back with us and get a little more sun in Los Cabos.Thank you!
facilities and room
Hi travelgrrrl,    Thanks a million for reviewing the gibson.    I'm delighted you enjoyed your short time with us but hopefully it isn't too long before you are able to visit us again.    Kind regards,    Clare
oceanfront, balcony in the room
Dear Sally,  Thanks for taking the time to give us a great review.  We appreciate it and hope you will return soon.  Kind regards,  Linda Geyer, General Manager
Friendly and helpful staff  Lovely modern, large rooms   Really comfortable beds
Dear "Jane",    Thank you for taking the time to share your impressions with fellow travelers. It is a great pleasure that you have enjoyed your stay to the fullest and we are very pleased how much you praise our hotel. Your recommendation means a lot to us and we hope to welcome you back soon.     With kind regards,     Torsten K. Schulze   General Manager      
The room was much bigger than I expected 
Dear Guest,    We are delighted that you could celebrate the Patriots Victory Parade with us, and we thank you for sharing such a wonderful review.  It was a delight to help you feel so at home and we hope you can join us again in the weeks and months ahead.   Intuitively Yours,  Copley Square Hotel   
Excellent hotel in prime position
Dear Guest,     Thank you for publishing this comment! We are happy to read that you had an enjoyable stay even if you wife was ill.  We are glad to learn that you felt welcomed by the staff.     We looking forward to welcome you soon at the InterContinental Carlton Cannes,     Best regards,     François Chopinet,     General Manager.  
Location, food, rooms
Dear Keith,    Thank you for the lovely review!  We are so happy you enjoyed your stay and we look forward to serving you again soon.  We have a new restaurant menu coming out and our Rooftop opens up again at the end of May.  Spread the word!  
Convenient, literally care-free since it takes care of almost everything
Dear Mok,  thank you very much for choosing the Steigenberger Hotel Herrenhof and for sharing your experiences. We are pleased to read that you enjoyed your stay with us and that all our offered services satisfied your needs. We will share your kind words also with the entire team.    We are looking forward to welcoming you back soon.    Best regards from Vienna,  Elisabeth Perwanger  General Manager
All of the above
Dear Eileen, thank you for your review.We appreciate your compliments of our facilities and service provided by our fantastic staff and we look forward to welcoming you back for a future visit.
The room was very spacious and the location is perfect Glori at the front desk is amazing 
Thank you for your choosing The French Quarter Inn to celebrate your birthday!  I'm delighted you enjoyed your accommodations and the many amenities we have to offer. I hope you will visit us again.      Warm regards -  Brent Gresham  General Manager
A clean, pleasant well appointed hotel
Dear Guest,    Thank you for taking the time to leave us your kind comments about our Hotel, service and staff.    We are glad to know that you enjoyed your experience with us very much and that you also were pleased with our privileged location. Our daily goal is to offer great experiences to our Guests and we are very glad to learn that we did so.    We look forward to your next visit!    Kind Regards,    Ana Cláudia Branco - Customer Experience Manager
Very near big shopping malls
Dear Ms. Lisa,  Thank you for the excellent rating and for the positive review of your stay with us. We truly appreciate your continued patronage. We look forward to be of service to you on your next visit. Best regards.
The customer service, cleanliness and boutique feel 
Thank you Alex and our heartfelt appreciation for your kind Expedia comments specific to your Woodmark Hotel experience.     A pleasure to be able to share the positive feedback with Matt and the Reception desk team as well.     Your patronage is pivotal to our success and hope to see you again in the near future.     Best regards,     Howard Jacobs   General Manager
The location, awesome mountain views, manicured grounds, beautiful swimming pools - and great room
We are thrilled you took the time to enjoy Joya Spa as it is truly one of the great gems of our property. We hope to have the pleasure to welcome you back soon for another great stay. 
location, food and staffs
We loved reading that you enjoyed our facilities.    We look forward to welcome you back soon for another amazing vacation full of #SolarisPassion!
Location, atmosphere, low key
Thank you for your kind comment, we appreciate it a lot.  It’s great to know that you are happy with our amazing location and pool areas. Comments like yours motivate us to constantly do our best to maintain - and improve - our quality of service. We will be very happy to host you again during your next trip to Cancun!
Old New Orleans feel but didn't lack in amenities
Thank you for your glowing review! We appreciate your feedback!
Sevice, location, food and  spacious rooms
Bonjour M,  Thank you for your detailed review. I am absolutely delighted that you enjoyed our spacious rooms, great location within walking distance to top restaurants and shopping, and especially that our ambassadors provide you with such a memorable experience. We would love to welcome you back again soon!
competent staff
Dear guest,    Whenever we have availability we offer late check-out or early check-in without extra costs to our guests. But it always depends on our occupancy.  It is our pleasure to take good care of our guests.  Thank you for staying at the Miramar and for your comments.    Sincerely,    Joao Ferraz  
Design, comfort, luxury, service
Dear guest,     We want to thank you for the time spent in sharing your experience and having chosen Barceló Emperatriz for your stay in Madrid.     It congratulate us to hear your comments and to know you have enjoyed our breakfast, we are glad your days with us were fantastic and hope you visit us soon. Again, thank you, for recommending.     All the best,   Barceló Emperatriz Team
Location, decor, architecture, staff
Dear guest,  Thank you for such kind words! We are very happy to learn that you had a lovely stay with us. We hope to see you again! Kind Regards,  
Location and reachability
Dear Avinash, Thank you for your feedback. We are happy to see that you had a good experience with Dusit Thani Bangkok. Hope to welcome you back again in the near future. With warmest regards, Sukanya Janchoo - General Manager
Proximity to airport.  Access to business computer and printer
Hello, thank you for reviewing our hotel!   I am delighted to hear that you enjoyed your stay. It is the feedback from our guests that help us strive for excellence in every aspect of the guest experience. Thank you again and we look forward to welcoming you the next time you're in Denver.     Sincerely,  Rachel Barrows  Assistant General Manager  
Position and general ambience  
Dear Guest, Thank you for sharing your experience regarding your recent stay at the Corinthia Hotel Lisbon. I am delighted to read that you were satisfied with our hotel and that our staff left a good impression upon you. We look forward to welcoming you back next time you are in Lisbon! Kind regards, Roderick Micallef General Manager
Everythinglocation, staff, rooms, cleanliness
Thank you Cathy for your kind comments the team absolutely care about our guests. They were thrilled to read your review and it was a pleasure to share it with them. We look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel in the near future.
The location, the staff attitude and the rooms were all great
Hi Jan.    Many thanks for the great review. We hope to welcome you back soon.    Best wishes.
Location and reachability
Dear Avinash, Thank you for your feedback. We are happy to see that you had a good experience with Dusit Thani Bangkok. Hope to welcome you back again in the near future. With warmest regards, Sukanya Janchoo - General Manager
ALL MINES TO GO ANYWHERE
Aloha Edissa,     Mahalo for choosing to stay here with us and for providing a review of your experiences. We're delighted to note you enjoyed our convenient location next to the beach, shopping outlets, and bus stops. We appreciate your business, it would be our pleasure to host you again.     Me Ke Aloha Pumehana,   (with warmest aloha)  Natasha Akee  Guest Services Coordinator  
Location (near the zona rosa), food, cleanliness, feel (lovely courtyards), friendly staff, tip for entire staff was conveniently paid at checkout
Thank you for your most kind words.   We look forward to having the pleasure of having you stay with us once more. 
The food was good, spacious rooms and nice Gym
Dear Mr. Nadim,    Thank you for staying at Carlton Palace Hotel and for taking time to write this review.     I am very happy to read that rated our food good and for the appreciation of our rooms, gym and location.    Also I am delighted that we gave you a good experience. I have shared your feedback with the entire team, it is a motivation to keep on improving our performance.    We certainly cannot wait to welcome you back soon.    Yours sincerely,  Hosni Abdelhadi  Group Managing Director, Carlton Hotels  
Location, design and comfort
Dear Paul,  We're delighted you enjoyed our quirky style, our super location, and our gorgeous, luxurious bedrooms.  Hope to welcome you back again soon.  Best wishes,
The staff all do their job efficiently and are always friendly and helpful
Dear AliD,    Thank you very much for your continuous support and your kind five-star review of your staying at Hotel Panorama by Rhombus!    We are delighted that you enjoyed the convenience that Hotel Panorama by Rhombus provides for guests, as well as the exclusive privileges extended for Rhombus Club guests.     At Rhombus hotels, our goal is to exceed your expectations by providing warm and personalized service to make your stay comfortable and memorable. Definitely we will keep it up on the service level!    We do look forward to welcoming your 7th visit to and staying at Hotel Panorama by Rhombus soon!
the cleanesly
      Paul Voelker said thank you     Thanks for staying with us. We work hard to make our guests happy and appreciate your feedback
Friendly staff, can-do attitude
Dear Lionel,  Thank you for having taken the time to share your feedback with us.  It is a pleasure to see that you have enjoyed your stay with us and that you have appreciated the kindness of our team members.  We are looking forward to welcoming you back again.  Best regards,  The Management  
Great amenities
Aloha Mark,    We truly appreciate your five star rating and for sharing the names of the Ladies and Gentlemen that made your stay extra memorable.  We will definitely pass along your compliments.  Mahalo for sharing your experience and we hope to welcome you back to Kapalua in the future.  Warmest Aloha!
Spacious clean rooms, convenient underground parking, friendly personnel
Dear Pavel,  Thank you so much for staying at our Swissôtel Dresden Am Schloss. We are delighted that you have had a good time at our hotel and that you are impressed by our city. We look forward to your next visit.  Best regards,  Stefan Winistörfer, General Manager & Team  
The hotel was recently renovated and upgraded.  It was stunning and would be an excellent place to hang out on the sunny days.  A romantic gem
Dear K,     Thank you for your visit to L’Auberge Del Mar and for recognizing our new stylish updates. I’m thrilled to hear that our seaside hotel was the perfect romantic escape, and I’m also pleased that you were able to enjoy all of San Diego's unique seaside towns. On behalf of our staff, we look forward to your return visit.     Warm Regards,  Terry Buchholz   General Manager 
wonderful location
Dear Guest,    We appreciate your glowing review, especially your comments regarding the hospitality of our Royal Sonesta colleagues.  It was a pleasure to welcome you and we invite you to settle back in soon!    Warm Regards,    Royal Sonesta New Orleans   
The rooms were new and clean They had a modern look that we all enjoyed
Thank you for your kind review! We truly appreciate your kind words about our staff. It's definitely a boost for us every time we hear positive reviews such as this. We hope to welcome you back to the hotel soon! Respectfully,                                                             LQ Customer Care
everything
Dear Guest,    We would like to express our gratitude for the comments you made about your recent visit. They help us to understand how our guests experience their stay with us. It is always our goal to achieve maximum customer satisfaction and we are delighted to hear that your holiday at Barcelo Gran Faro los Cabos was an enjoyable one. We continuously strive to deliver high standards and to ensure that all our guests leave with beautiful vacation memories.    It is also good to know that you enjoyed the many culinary delights prepared by our professional Chefs who always strive to offer a wide variety of typical delights in order to please all palates and we thank you for letting us know that we could conquer yours.    We are glad to read that you really enjoyed our unbeatable location to visit the wonders of a vacation in San Jose del Cabo.    Once more we thank you for choosing our hotel for your holiday and very much look forward to having the opportunity to serve you again in the future.    Best regards,  Guest Service Department.
I don't think there is a room where you can't see the ocean  
We appreciate your preference and the recognition to our staff and Service in general. We are pleased to know that the hotel location and ambiance was at your satisfaction  It will be a pleasure to welcome you again in the near future . Best regards . Elvia Zavala / General Manager        
Location + comfort
Dear M. Hassan,    Thank you for taking the time to share your experience and for choosing to stay at the Novotel Deira City Center.    We are pleased to read your positive detailed review and are glad you had a great experience.      It is our mission to delight our guests every time and we are glad that you left with pleasant memories. Will certainly share your feedback with the staff and they will be delighted to see that their hard work has been noticed.    Hope we have the pleasure of welcoming you again in the near future for another memorable stay.    Best Regard,  The Novotel Team
It's was clean, warm and quiet 
Hi Colin,    Thanks so much for writing about your stay- it's brilliant to read that you enjoyed your stay.    Hopefully we will see you again.    Regards,    Clare
Friendly staff. Clean pools, beautiful beach access
Thank you for your nice review on the service you received during your stay at the hotel, we are very pleased to know that you enjoyed the pool area and also our beautiful beach. Our staff commitment is to make every guest feel special! We are looking forward to pampering you on your next visit to Cancun!
SPACIOUS ROOMS/RATE IS AFFORDABLE,SPECIALLY FOR FAMILIES
Dear guest    Thank you for your recent stay to the Hotel California and for such a kind review !    We are more than delighted to read that you had  a nice experience and thank you very much for your generous compliments !    Thank you for recommending our hotel, we sincerely appreciate it !!    Looking forward to welcoming you back again and again.    With our best regards    Clarisse THIRY  Hotel General Manager    
They left some Valentines candy in the room  Nice touch
Thank you. Truly, thank you!
Food, room, location and staff
Dear Henry,    We are thrilled to read that you enjoyed your visit to Perth and your stay with us. We strive to create seamless and memorable experiences for our guests from the point of arrival to departure, and we are pleased to hear that our associates played a significant role in enhancing your stay by providing terrific service. It is also pleasing to read that you enjoyed Pacific Club Lounge privileges.    Thank you, once again, for your generous review and we look forward to welcoming you back when your next travel plans return you to Perth.    Best Regards,  John Kockan  General Manager
Brilliant breakfast  Very pleased with the room, comfortable, super kingsize bed which we thought was going to be a double
Dear Guest,    Thank you so much for your amazing opinion.    We are very happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. Thank you for  all of your compliments regarding our Hotel.    Your compliments regarding our team are very important to us because they show us that you  enjoyed our personal service.    We look forward to your next visit, hopefully soon.    Kind Regards,    Ana Cláudia Branco - Customer Experience Manager
Nice historic elegance, all amenities I needed and more
Our staff is committed to ensuring that our guest's visit is memorable and we greatly appreciate your recognition of their efforts.  We enjoyed having you here at The Fairfax at Embassy Row, Dan, and we hope you'll visit again.    
The Staff and the cleanliness of the hotel and rooms
Dear Valued Guest,   We are happy you enjoyed your stay with us! It was a pleasure having you and your family here with us, and we hope to see you again very soon! - Phillipe L 
Great breakfast
Hello,    Thank you for your great review. We try our best to give everyone the type of experience you received.    Have a great week
The bed was exceptionally comfortable, but the dining recommendations made by the staff was spot on
Dear Frank,    We are delighted to hear that you had such a comfortable stay with us. Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. Vancouver definitely has some of the best food and drinks options and we are so pleased that our concierge team were able to recommend some great places. We look forward to welcoming you back for a longer visit next time.    Sincerely,  Ahmed Al Bik  Hotel Manager
Cleanliness, quirky design, hidden gardens, corridors and terraces, quiet sitting rooms in unexpected locations
Dear Graham, Frist off all thank you for your preference as a return guest to Tivoli Lagos , we really apreciate ou kind review about our hotel. Comments like these do motivate our team to continue their good work and we very glad to know that you have had a great stay with us. It is really nice to hear that you have had a wonderful stay and appreciated our true commitment to quality service and hospitality.We are looking forward to have the opportunity of welcoming you again in the future. Best Regards,   Miguel Almeida Alves   General Manager
Location
  Thank you for taking the time to provide us with your positive feedback. We do hope to welcome you back to our hotel in the near future!    Kind regards,     Petra Moreira  Assistant Manager  
see above
Thanks for the feedback Noel.
location 
Dear Guest,    Thank you for choosing Hilton Istanbul Bosphorus and  for sharing your experiences.    We thank you for all your comments, and hope to be your host again in your future trips to Istanbul.    Warmest regards,    Tolga Aytan  Cluster Hotel Manager  Hilton Istanbul Bosphorus & Hilton ParkSA Istanbul  
We love all the people who worked at the resorts  Taking the shuttle worked well  We thoroughly enjoyed talking to so many people who were visiting
Dear Bob,     We love anniversaries and thank you for letting us be a part of your 50th!  What a special occasion!  It sounds like you had a wonderful time here, and we really appreciate you letting us know by sharing your review! It was a treat to have you on property and we’re glad you got to meet so many of your fellow guests.  As a regular on Sanibel and Captiva islands, we also appreciate you sharing your insider tips for other travelers!  We have passed on your kind remarks to our team, and they extend their gratitude.  We all look forward to welcoming our guests year after year and we hope to see you and your wife again on your 51st anniversary, if not before!     Best wishes,     South Seas Island Resort     
The courtesy and assistance from the staff was proactive and professional
Dear Penny  Greetings from Southern Sun Mayfair Nairobi  Thank you for your Feedback, we do appreciate you taking your time to give us feedback,  We are glad you enjoyed your stay and hope to host you soon again
Location. staff. Cleanliness
Dear Vj,    Thank you for taking the time on writing us a feedback following  your stay with us. I am happy to read that you and your family have enjoyed most aspects of your stay particularly the location, the facilities and of course the excellent service provided  by our team. I have shared your wonderful comments to the rest of the team and we are all delighted to know that you had a pleasant stay.    Once again, thank you so much for sharing your experience with other travelers.. We very much look forward to welcoming you back to your new “Maltese home”.    Kind Regards,    Achraf Kamel - Duty Manager
Inexpensive for our stay, and friendly staff
Dear Guest,    We truly appreciate the excellent review you provided us for your recent stay. Rest assured that we will continue to look for ways in order for us to improve.    Hope to see you again soon.    Thank you very much.    Yours truly,    Johnny G. Rios  General Manager  City Garden Hotel Makati
Nice clean look, very friendly staff, and big breakfast
Dear Guest,    We appreciate the great feedback you provided for your recent stay. Rest assured that we will continue to look for ways to further improve our services.    Thank you very much.    Yours truly,    Johnny G. Rios  General Manager  City Garden Hotel Makati
Comfortable
Dear Valued Traveler,     Thank you very much for your review. We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay. 
Convenience to things in the area
Thank you for your recent stay and review.  It was our pleasure to host you and we are so glad you enjoyed your stay.  Please come back and see us soon, perhaps when our outdoor poll reopens Memorial Day weekend.  
We like the rooms and the pool area is very nice  Wonderful breakfast and it is close to many shops and tourist location
Thank you for choosing The Pacific Inn for your recent Seal Beach accommodations! We are located just a ten minute walk to Seal Beach's Main Street and the beach. We also provide a complimentary shuttle that can take a guest anywhere within five miles of our facility by reservation. We appreciate your feedback and hope to see you again soon!
The customer service was excellent. Location was great
Dear Guest,    We feel glad to know that our Housekeeping staff exceeded your expectations for this visit, they always strive to deliver excellence in every interaction with you. It is wonderful that you enjoyed the perks of our location near the historical Colonial City and facing the shimmering Caribbean Sea. We hope you visit us again soon!!    Regards,
Breakfast was delicious and the coffee was fantastic.  The staff were extremely nice & helpful.  The rooms were clean, the beds were very comfortable
Bonjour Beverly,  Thank you for your great review! I am absolutely delighted that you enjoyed so many aspects of your stay from our great downtown location, exclusive So-Beds, weekend breakfast buffet in Chez Colette, and especially that our ambassadors provided you with a memorable experience. We would love to welcome you back again the next time you have the opportunity to visit Philadelphia.
Everything
It's been an honor to guest you Jamie! Hope to do it once and miles more!    See you then!
Value
Thank you for your kind review. We're glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. We look forward to welcoming you back soon.
The Design and comfort
Dear Erika,     We wish you could have stayed longer as well!  It was a joy to host you and we are thrilled you felt spoiled in our spa-like baths.  We appreciate your wonderful comments regarding our Watergate colleagues and on behalf of all of us at the hotel, we hope you can join us again one day soon.     Warm Regards,     The Watergate Hotel   
It was very romantic
Dear Scott,     Thank you very much for sharing your comments with us, we feel really happy to read that your recent experience with us was excellent.     One of our major characteristics is to embrace romance, we are delighted that you find ot that way.     We hope to welcome you back again in the future and maybe celebrate an special occasion with you.     Warmest regards,   Monica Moreno  Social Media Coordinator   Secrets Puerto Los Cabos Golf & Spa Resort       
staff, beautiful place
Patty,    Thank you so much for the great review.
ON THE WATER 
Kathy -- thank you for the 5 out of 5 score ! I am glad you enjoyed your stay and we warmly welcome your return !
Staff and location 
Dear Maha,    We are so delighted that you had such an enjoyable stay with us. It means a lot for our team to hear that you felt welcome and taken care of, especially from guests as well traveled as yourselves. We will have the dreamy pillows waiting for your return in May, Vancouver is beautiful in the Spring!    Sincerely,  Ahmed Al Bik  Hotel Manager
beautiful amenities, champagne upon arrival, many activities, fantastic location  Easy parking  Pools, hot tubs, bedding and the luxurious shower
Greetings,    Thank you for sharing your kind words. It is wonderful to read how much you enjoyed your visit to Lake Placid and we are so pleased to have offered an experience on the same level as our beautiful town.    Thank you for sharing your experience. I hope we'll have the opportunity to welcome you back soon!    Warm Regards,  Matthew  General Manager
*EVERYTHING* 
We appreciate you choosing our hotel to stay at for the holidays. It is great that you found everything to be amazing and that our staff made your stay to be enjoyable. Your compliments about our wonderful team mean a lot to us, and we hope to welcome you back soon to the Luxe City Center Hotel.  
location, attention
Hello Ed and Cheri,  We're blushing (it's great)! Knowing that the exciting buzz around our reputation helped bring you to our door is making us smile! We're delighted to have had the opportunity to welcome you and impress you with our picturesque location, friendly and attentive team members, and our attention to detail. You're absolutely right! The Snoqualmie area is filled with spectacular trails and fun attractions. We hope a repeat visit is already on your wish list; we'd love to greet you again soon.
Location
Thank you for taking the time to rate and write a review here in Expedia.    Thank you for your valued patronage and we look forward to welcome you back.    Sincerely,  The Management 
I have booked the two single room , one for my parents and one for my family , It has been free ungated to two bedroom suits . so sweet
Dear Clare,  Thank you very much for your feedback. We look forward to welcome you back again.  Kind regards,
close proximity to ASU
Dear Traveler,    Thank you for sharing your review with us. We are delighted to discover that you enjoyed Graduate Tempe’s advantageous location near Arizona State University and State Street. Our regionally themed décor and accommodating team allow for an unforgettable stay in Tempe.      Sincerely,    Trent Collicott  General Manager  
Staff and location 
Thank you for your  review, Michael.  Our upgraded rooms are actually our view rooms as we do not have any club level.  We hope you will return to experience our rooftop pool and bar which is opening in May.  I have shared your comments with our creative team and we are looking forward to the opportunity to serve you again soon!   
Clean Staff friendly
Thank you for the wonderful review! If you make it back to Whitefish, we'd love to have you stay with us again.    Jennifer  Front desk agent
Friendliness, cleanliness, locality, ease of driving in and out of the city 
Thank you for your 5-star review, Brenda. We're glad you and your daughter enjoyed your stay and received excellent service from our staff. We look forward to having you as our guests again soon.
Hotel rooms are nice and clean and good size Conveniently located near MRT and Orchard Road shops and restaurants  Free WiFi in room Nice breakfast
Dear Sir/Madam,     Thank you for your 5-star review of Mandarin Orchard Singapore!    We are really pleased to hear your hear you enjoyed your stay and your expectations were met. We always strive to work towards delivering warm Asian Hospitality to each and every guest making their stay exceptional. We will certainly be sharing your comments with the team which we know will serve as an inspiration to continue to serve with Asian grace, warmth and care.     Thank you again for your assurance in Mandarin Orchard Singapore and we look forward to welcoming you back again soon.    Yours sincerely,   Danny Wong - Hotel Manager    
Staff was very helpful & accommodating Our room was very clean & spacious I will stay again in this hotel in the future
Dear Guest,   We would like to thank you for taking the time to share your valued feedback with us. We are pleased to be informed that the location of our hotel was such a great advantage during your visit to our city. We hope to see you again in the near future.   On behalf of your Hotel Das Tigra Team,   We wish you a wonderful day.
Staff, Location, Rooms
Dear Bhumika,  Thank you so much for sharing your feedback. It's very nice to hear that you were able to relax and enjoy during your stay. We look forward to welcome you again on your next visit.     Kind regards,  Camille Saade  General Manager 
Comfortable rooms, wine and cheese bar in the afternoon, and great breakfasts delivered to the room  Professional staff
Thank you for helping spread the word of HarbourView Inn's comfortable accommodations, complimentary services and fabulous location.  I know the team appreciates your kind words and we invite you back next time you visit Charleston.
Good value for money
Thank you for the top notch review!  We appreciate you taking the time to convey your feedback.  Please come visit us again soon!      Sincerely,    LQ Customer Care 
Great location, beautiful hotel
Thank you for your response.  We are glad you chose to stay with us at the Westin Riverwalk Hotel and hope to see you again in the near future.    
proximity to beach and ocean view its a grand place---ambiance is great  it is in a perfect spot to enjoy all of the village, shops, and eateries
On behalf of our entire team, thank you very much for the 5-Star rating and for providing such positive feedback.  We are all delighted to hear how much you enjoyed the property and our prime location in the heart of the Village of La Jolla.  We are indeed walking distance to all there is to see and do in the area.  We hope you'll come back and visit us again soon.  Terrence Underwood, General Manager
Clean and modern
Dear Camilla,    Thanks for staying with us. We appreciate your feedback!    Best Regards,  The Kee Resort Management Team
Location, service
Dear Anonymous,    Wow, what an amazing comment!     Great to read that you find Pulitzer Amsterdam the only place to stay in Amsterdam. The vibrant city has a lot to offer and there is so much to see.     The beautiful compliments about the concierges have been shared with them personally. They were thrilled to hear.     Please let us know if you are coming back to Amsterdam!     With warm regards,    Alexander van Gastel  General Manager
Location, size & staff
Dear JC,    Reviews like yours are just what we love to find and we thank you for investing the time to commend our team.  We are thrilled that your Boston experience was so memorable and we hope we have the chance to welcome you again one day soon.    Intuitively Yours,    Copley Square Hotel   
Nice large room, modern with new bathroom
Dear Steve & Jackie,  Thank you for sharing your fantastic review after your recent stay with us.  Very pleased to read that you enjoyed all aspects of your stay with us.  We hope to see you again on your next visit to Melbourne.  Sincerely,  Alex Mihardja  Operational Project Manager
Clean and efficient
  Dear Valued Guest,    Thank you for your feedback during your stay at J5 Rimal.  We are pleased to hear about your experienced during your recent visit with us and highly appreciate your positive comments.  It is a pleasure to be of service to you and I hope your will stay longer with us on your next visit.    Warm regards,    Neil Fernandes  Hotel Manager  
Everything
We are thrilled to read it was one of your best hotel stays ever! Thank you for choosing our hotel!
Loved window seats, great beds & linens, quiet
Rose,     Thank you for the great feedback from your recent stay! We hope you will come visit us again soon!
See above
Sierd, Thank you for your feedback regarding your recent stay at Hilton Garden Inn Boca Raton. I thank you for this great review and am glad to read of your wonderful experience. Please come back and visit us soon!
the pillows and the plate of fruit that I found when I checked in my room at 11pm
Dear Andreea,    We feel glad to know that our staff exceeded your expectations for this visit. Our facilities have been created to make every stay effortless for our guests. It is wonderful that you enjoyed the perks of our location near the historical Colonial City and facing the shimmering Caribbean Sea. We hope you visit us again soon!!    Regards,
Staff, hotel, great food and location
Hola Dear Carol,     Thank you for your kind review and for being a loyal guest and friend of Casa Dorada for so many years.   We appreciate your patronage and preference and look forward to welcome you back in the near future.   Greetings from all the Casa Dorada Staff!
Everything
Hello Trish,     Thank you for your kind review and taking time to share your feedback.  It is always wonderful to know what our valued guests think of their stay and the hotel overall, so we very much appreciate your comments.  I will certainly share your compliments with Jules - thank you!      Thanks again and we look forward to welcoming you  and your family back to the Barclay soon!  Please feel free to contact Guest Relations or Concierge is we can assist with anything for your next stay.     Have a wonderful day!       Kind regards,  Hervé Houdré  General Manager  
Location, service
Dear Guest,    Greetings of the day!    It is nice of you to take time out to write an excellent feedback about our hotel.    The location of the hotel is indeed a good one for travelers.    All of us look forward to serve you in the not so distant future!    Best regards,  Vikas Kapai   General Manager, Courtyard by Marriott, Mumbai International Airport
Everything
Dear Mr. Michael,     Thank you very  much for the time taken to share with us your kind feedback, we highly appreciate it.     I am glad to hear that you had enjoyed your stay with us.     We look forward to welcome you back in a near future.     kindest regards,
Very quiet, spacious rooms Comfy beds
Sounds like you had great stay and enjoyed all areas nearby us! We appreciate your detailed review! Thanks, Sheryl.
Beautiful resort with luxury style rooms 
Bonjour! Thank you for your generous feedback and for taking your time to share it with us. We truly appreciate and most importantly take note of your constructive comments. We will definitely look into it. Having said that, we look forward to welcome you back soon. Best regards, Piotr Kupiec (General Manager)
Size of room was great It was very clean as well Location of a hotel is in walking distance to all attractions of old part of city 
Dear rybafly,  thank you very much for taking the time to review your stay with us at Steigenberger Hotel Herrenhof. We liked to read that you enjoyed your stay - especially the central location and the offered services.    We would be delighted to welcoming you back soon.    Best regards from Vienna,  Elisabeth Perwanger  General Manager
This hotel was quaint; this wonderful old building with the beautiful marble was a relaxing break from the hustle and bustle
Thanks for reviewing your recent stay at Hotel Teatro. We are so thrilled to hear you were able to relax while attending the conference and also enjoy all of the neighboring attractions. We hope to welcome you back to Denver again soon!    Best,  Brittney Hemela  Marketing Manager
Above
Dear jjh,     Thank you very much for taking the time to share such positive feedback with us!  It would be our pleasure to welcome you back to our resort in near future.  Best Regards,  Tolga S Lacin  General Manager
close to where we needed to be and price was right 
Thank you for staying with us. We hope you will return again soon!
Beds are my favorite here
Karen, we are so happy you had an incredible bachelorette party with us, and thank you for sharing your experience!  All of us at Hard Rock Hotel San Diego wish you happiness and we hope to see you again soon!      James G.   Manager
Staff was friendly and well informed
Brook,    Thank you for staying with us and providing feedback. We are glad you enjoyed the resort and amenities we have to offer our guests. Thank you again and we look forward to seeing you again. 
Great location, great amenities
Dear AA,    Thank you for choosing to stay with us.  We are delighted to hear that your found the location and amenities great!    We look forward to hear from you again.  
Beds were great
Dear Ted ,  Thank you for taking the time to write your very complimentary review.  It was so nice to read all the lovely things you experienced during your stay, especially our accommodating team.  We look forward to welcoming you back soon.  Kind regards, Peter Yared, Area General Manager - QLD
Comfort and convenience
Dear Mark,    Of course we remembered you!  It is always a delight to see old friends returning and we thank you for settling back in with us.  It was a treat to welcome you and we look forward to doing so again one day soon.    Warm Regards,    Royal Sonesta Houston   
proximity to our daughter's apartment
Thank you very much for taking the time to share your great experience. We look forward to welcoming you back every time you come to visit your daughter! Our service sets us apart from the many great hotel choices downtown. Our Valet and Room Service team are thrilled to contribute to your great experience. 
Staff were lovely    Bed was so comfy - great nights sleep 
Dear Valued Guest,    Thank for the kind recommendation! We’re pleased to read that you had a great stay with us especially the level of service rendered by our team. We will certainly convey your compliments to the team, as an encouragement of their excellent service. On top of that, we also appreciate your positive feedback on our specialty Italian Restaurant, Prego's. Do keep us in mind for future visits to Dubai, and we hope to have the pleasure of serving you soon!    Kind regards,    Sherif Madkour  General Manager
Very Nice Hotel, Great Service, very good location near a great shopping mall
Dear Guest,   Thank you for taking the time to share us your comments, we are thrilled you enjoyed the Holiday Inn Bucaramanga Cacique guest service experience, looking forward to welcoming you again in the near future.   Kind regards,   Andrea Jaimes   Digital Marketing Executive
Friendly staff   Good bathroom with modern amenities
Dear Guest,    The whole team would love to thank you for taking the time to write it online!    It's wonderful to know that our facilities and staff makes your stay a good experience in Seville. As you say, the Hotel has a privileged location which allows our guests enjoy each part of Seville walking around. We wish the next time you could enjoy the sun!    We are looking forward to welcoming you back.
it was lovely
Thank you Sara for your review and for writing in all requested fields (I was unaware you had to, so sorry for that! Will hint this to Expedia)
The very central location, the efficiency of the staff, the cleanliness of the whole place
Sir,Madam,  Thank you for having taken the time to share your feedback with us.  We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay and that all your expectations have been satisfied. Such kind compliments are also the best motivation for all our team members and for that we would like to thank you very much. We are looking forward to welcoming you back at Hotel Metropole,Brussels in the near future. Best regards.  The Management    
The facilities and within walking distance to the tourist areas 
Dear Adrienne,    Greetings from Alexander The Great Beach Hotel in Paphos.    Thank you taking the time to review our hotel; we are delighted that we have lived up to your holiday expectations.    Looking forward to the day when we welcome you back to the hotel.    Charis Stylianou  Hotel General Manager  
Very comfortable beds. Very clean and quiet
Glen,    We take immense pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. Your feedback will be shared with our entire team to continue to inspire and motivate them to continue to deliver exceptional customer service. 
Bright, modern and clean
Hi Michelle,    Thanks so much for telling us about your stay.    It's great to read that you had an enjoyable stay and our location was so handy for you too!    Kind regards,    Clare  
everything
Dear Guest,     Thank you for your wonderful review of our hotel. It was a pleasure being of service to you and we look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel again.     Thank you & warm regards,  Christina Toh  Area General Manager
Location, cleanliness and friendly staff
My staff and I would like to THANK YOU Bonnie for sharing your experience with others and letting everyone know that we have so much to offer our guest here at our North Nashville Plus+ location.  Not only are we conveniently located just of Highway 65 we have just completed our guest room renovation with all of our new rooms equipped with free WiFi, 40" flat screen TV's, micro-fridges, in room coffee and hair dryers.  We look forward to welcoming you back for return visit when your travels bring you back to the area.    
everything
Dear Howard,    Thank you for sharing your positive feedback on your recent stay at The Peninsula Chicago.  We are delighted to hear that you had a positive experience with the staff and that you and your wife felt “very welcomed.”    We hope to welcome you back again soon!    Warm regards,    Maria Razumich-Zec  Regional Vice President and General Manager
Friendly staff, good food and situation 
Dear Richard,    We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay and were impressed by every aspect of your stay. Our promise is to offer enriching and memorable experiences by providing the unmistakable Pacific touch and we are delighted that you were highly satisfied with our product and service.    Thank you for giving us a perfect score and we look forward to welcoming you back to Pan Pacific Perth for another unforgettable stay.    Best Regards,  John Kockan  General Manager
The cleanliness of the rooms and the friendliness of the staff
It is wonderful to read that you appreciate the top-notch service of our staff and our convenient location, close to all our area’s top attractions. We were delighted to provide you with a five-star experience here at Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf. We hope to welcome you back again soon. Thank you. Sincerely, Michael Hirsch   
I have always used this hotel and find it very convenient for my needs  Helpful staff, good food
Dear Sue,    It's wonderful to hear that we were able to exceed your expectations during your stay with us and thank you for being a loyal guest. Our location is centrally located and very hard to beat.    We greatly appreciate your review, and we look forward to welcoming you back for many more stays in the future.    Kind Regards,    Zac Hope  General Manager  Hotel Jen Brisbane  
Clean, comfortable beds, decent breakfast, friendly staff
Thank you for taking the time to write a review regarding your stay with us, it is always great to see when we have impressed our guest. I will be sure to share your comments with our staff. 
Bar
Thank you so much for the great review.  We are working very hard to continue to improve our service.  We are so happy to see you enjoyed your stay and invite you to return at your earliest convenience.  Our creative team is looking forward to serving you again soon!
Staff
Dear Russell & Sue, Thank you for your kind rating and feedback. We are pleased to see that you enjoyed your stay with us. We wish to welcome you back again soon. With warmest regards, Sukanya Janchoo - General Manager
The view, staff and food
Hello,     We would like to thank you for the comments that you did about your last stay with us, we will make sure to share those with the staff to recognize their efforts and keep doing the things better every time,     Kind regards..
Casual yet elegant.  Does not feel like a hotel.  VERY close to Dodger Ranch
I’m delighted that you were impressed with our casual, yet elegant atmosphere during your recent stay at our resort. It’s great that all members of your party, from children to adults, enjoyed their time with us. We thank you for your five-star review and hope to see you again soon at The Wigwam.  
Everything
Dear Anonymous,    Thank you for taking time to share with us your feedback following your recent stay at Palais de Chine Hotel.    Your feedback is highly appreciated and will help us to improve our ability to serve each guest, We will inform our staff Webber about your good comment, we look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel in the near future.    Best regards,    Coco Wen  General Manager
See above
Thank you very much for the feedback, Linda! We aim to make each stay as convenient as possible, so I am glad to hear Avis could provide you with the flexibility you needed. If there's anything we can do to improve your next stay, please let me know.
central location
Dear Guest,    We appreciate your kind comments regarding the gracious hospitality received by our Royal Sonesta colleagues and we hope that we will soon be welcoming you back for another savory cocktail in The Jazz Playhouse and a serene escape in our guest rooms upstairs.    Yours in Hospitality,    Royal Sonesta New Orleans   
Location; service; food; comfort; history
Dear Pat:  Thank you so much for your appreciation and recognition to our property.  We look forward to welcoming you back soon.  Best regards,  Jaime Escalante
location at airport
We are so pleased that you selected Fairmont Vancouver Airport as part of your ski vacation.  I'm pleased that you enjoyed our helpful staff and our great location.  We hope your future travels will bring you back again for another memorable stay!    Warm regards,    Patrick Gosselin  General Manager
Clean, a good balance of "feeling pampered and not over the top" Staff are professional, helpful Food is good 
Thank you Jackie for the positive Woodmark Hotel Expedia post.     I took the liberty of sharing your input across our team of dedicated associates and thus wanted to express our appreciation.     Hope to have the opportunity to see you again soon.     Best regards,     Howard Jacobs   General Manager
Location, cleanliness, location for breakfast 
Thank you so much for your review! We loved hosting you in paradise and we hope to see you again very soon!
Security, staff, pool
Hi jilly, greetings from sunny Seminyak!  Thank you for your time to share your stay experience with us and we're glad to know that you had a great stay with us. We can't wait to have you stay again in Courtyard Seminyak! - Tri Widiyastuti, Marketing Communications Manager at Courtyard by Marriott Bali Seminyak Resort
Everything is close to the hotel. Any questions - just ask staff
Aloha Lora,     Mahalo nui loa (thank you very much) for staying here with us and for all your kind words towards our staff. We're so happy to note they treated you with the aloha spirit and we are honored that is the reason why you make it a point to stay with us. Please contact us directly for repeat guest rates, it would be our pleasure to host you again.     Me Ke Aloha Pumehana,   (with warmest aloha)  Natasha Akee  Guest Services Coordinator
Good , clean
Dear Valued Guest.    Thank you so much for your fabulous review of our hotel. We are happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. It was indeed a pleasure to have been of service to you. Kindly be assured that your wonderful comments have been shared with the entire team. We look forward to welcoming you in our Golden Sands Hotel Apartment, your home in Dubai.     Best Regards,    Islam Bekheet  Rooms Division Manager
how clean every thing was
Dear Guest,  thank you so much for sharing such great comments about your most recent stay.   We really hope that you come back to visit us again really soon!
Location, location, location
Thanks for leaving such a glowing review, Jane!   We will be happy to be your new "favourite" if we must!  We hope to see you again in the near future.
Everything
Hi Doug,     Thank you so much for the feedback! We love hearing what our guests think and I am glad to hear you had a great time :) We hope to see you back at the Surfcomber soon.     Until then, safe travels! 
The Fish Tank
Hi Andy, many thanks for your review - we hope to welcome you back soon for some more relaxation time under the aquarium. 
I forgot my special pillow, but when we called after returning home, they had found it and we made arrangements to have it returned  Great service
Thank you very much for staying at the Best Western Plus Kennewick Inn and for the great review. We hope you were able to take advantage of all we have to offer during your short stay and we hope you will come back and see us again!
the staff, location, and cozy feeling 
Dear Traveler,    Thank you for the wonderful review which has been shared with the staff. The name of the employee is Teke and I have personally thanked her for the way in which she assisted you.  The business center computers are for the use of travelers like yourself that do not travel with a laptop, there are many I think that are getting away from tech and going back to basics.     Regards,   Nigel Williams, GM 
Everything
Dear Ditchdog,    Thank you for taking the time to write a review on Expedia. We are thrilled to see that you enjoyed your time at our hotel.  It is a great pleasure to read all of your compliments which I have shared among our teams and is highly appreciated.  On behalf of our entire team at Park Plaza Victoria Amsterdam we thank you for your stay and we hope to welcome you again when your travels brings you back to Amsterdam!  Warm regards,  Marieke
The location was absolutely perfect
Dear Al,    Thank you for sharing your experiences regarding your most recent stay in our hotel.    It is a delight to learn that we were able to make your stay most pleasant and enjoyable.    We wish you all the best for 2017 and we hope we may welcome you again.    Kind regards,  Marieke
Location, service, great place
We really appreciate you took the time to write this positive feedback and hope to welcome you again soon.  Our location is unique indeed!
Friendly and service oriented personnel..concierge, reception, dining room.    Coffee to order
These is the feedback we live for! We are so happy to read we exceeded your expectation. We would love to welcome you back:)
The spacious rooms and view Eco-friendly policy 
Dear Guest,    Thank you for your kind words towards your recent stay. It is such a pleasure you had an enjoyable time with your friends and we hope we can welcome you back again in the future!    Warm regards,
staff amiability
Dear Catalin,     Thank you for your nice feedback, I will be sure to share your comments with my colleagues.    We truly look forward to welcoming you back to the SKT. PETRI sometime very soon.    With kind regards,    Sophie Jakobsen   Front Office Supervisor
Gorgeous rooms, the bar in the hotel, location and safety
Dear Amiksha ,    Thank you for your nice feedback, I will be sure to share your comments with my colleagues. We are happy to read that you had a nice stay and found everyone you encountered accommodating.     We truly look forward to welcoming you back to the SKT. PETRI sometime very soon.    With kind regards,    Sebastiaan  Guest Relations  SKT. PETRI
Restaurant and location Great spot for spring baseball MLB and college games all very close 
Thank you. We appreciate your feedback.
24 hour pool/hot tub
Thank you for spending your Christmas with us. We are glad you enjoyed our 24 hour pool and spa and full hot breakfast. We hope to see you again in the future.
We liked everything
Dear Anne, Thank you for the review of your experiences, we appreciate that you have taken the time to share your comments with future travelers and guests. On behalf of the entire staff, we would like to thank you for choosing Banyan Tree Mayakoba and we look forward to your next visit. Kind Regards,
Very friendly staff,quick serviceFood is so goodWe asked for the vegfood and they specially cooked two vegdishes for usThanks to chef
Dear Nsoni,  Thank you for your review on your recent stay with us and for your positive comments. We certainly hope you will visit us again soon.  Best regards  Nicholas
The staff was terrific
Dear guest,     Thank you for taking the time to share your experience at JW Marriott Marquis Miami. Feedback is an essential part of our continuous enhancement, and therefore we appreciate your thoughtful review of your stay. Our staff seeks to bestow an experience of comfort, quality, and luxury complemented by JW’s renowned genuine service. It is rewarding to hear you encountered this during your time in our care. We hope to welcome you again in the future.    Sincerely,  Valentina R.  Guest Relations Manager 
Central to transport and restaurants
Thanks Anonymous.    There are some CitiPower works going on at the moment that will be well and truly completed by the end of March.  The local area is usually pretty quiet.    Regards    Anthony LoGiusto  General Manager
Literally, everything 
I am thrilled to learn that your experience at The Leela Palace New Delhi was one of a kind and appreciate you taking the time to share such a heartening review with us.    I am glad that our beautiful palace and its luxurious facilities including well appointed accommodations, distinguished restaurants with picturesque alfresco experiences as well as temperature controlled rooftop pool with panoramic views of the skyline scored high on your list.    Our butlers unlock a treasure trove of personalized services that add to the overall comfort of our guests and it is a pleasure to learn that these along with our thoughtful staff services were recognized by you.     I would also like to take this opportunity to share with you that the palace is the only hotel in the world that uses 14000 fresh roses and 2000 exquisite flowers everyday which are donated to an NGO of our choice, that recycles and converts them into eco-friendly vegetable dyes and safe holi colours; selling for their little profit.    I look forward to many more opportunities of welcoming you back to your palace in Delhi soon again.    With kindest regards,  Louis Sailer,  General Manager        
I did not use any of the amenities as I was on my way very early the next morning but the room was terrific
Thank you for sharing your 5 star review!   We are delighted to read you enjoyed your unexpected stay with us and were able to relax in your room.   We look forward to being able to welcome you back on a future visit to the area.    Sincerely,  Garrett Ralston  Front Office Manager
The staff were superb
Thank you very much for your comments and insight into our property!  I am delighted you had a great time in our location and enjoy our service.  Thank you once again for taking the time to write and look forward to your future visits!!  
Lovely old building with modern facilities Staff was amazing
Thank you for your wonderful review. I am delighted you not only enjoyed your stay but also the surrounding area. I have shared all of your comments and we look forward to seeing you soon.    Kind regards,  Tracey
I like the location the most, and that you don't have to have all inclusive. More hotels should offer just a hotel stay
Dear Jessie:    Thank you very much for your kind comments; we are all very happy to learn your experience in this beautiful part of the Mexican Caribbean, along with our hotel and services, were appreciated and enjoyed.    We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back soon!    Cordially,    The Management
Charm, service, comfort, location 
Greetings from San Miguel de Allende.    We are delighted to hear a really kind comments about San Miguel de Allende and the property, we will continue working to keep offering the quality service you deserve.  Hope to welcome you again very soon.    Best Regards!
Service 
Dear Anonymous, Allow us to thank you for your lovely review. Our uncompromising views at the St. Regis Florence make our location one of the best in the world. We will definitely make sure to make you feel like Royalty again should you be able to give us the opportunity! Ombretta – The Guest Experience Manager
It was close to the train station and easy to get to places
Hi Linda - Thanks so much for your great review. I'm happy to see that our staff were responsive and willing to help out. We like to make sure all our guests our happy. I'm thrilled to hear that you'll be back. xoxo - Matt and the Staff of Ace Hotel New York. 
Service, cleanliness 
Dear sir/madam,Thank you for your kind feedback and endorsement of our products and services. It’s our pleasure to have you stay with us at Ossotel and we are glad to know that you had enjoyed the experience. We take a lot of effort to personalize the service for our guest's individual needs. With your positive feedback our team will certainly be motivated to enhance further guest’s interactions. Look forward to welcome you back soon.  regards,  Wayan   
Pool Room Bed Verandah
Dear Graeme,    Thank you for your review!    We are pleased to learn you had a pleasant stay with us.     We appreciate your time to share this review with us and are grateful for your support.    Yours sincerely,  Amara Sanctuary Team
Staff  Breakfast
Thank you for taking your precious time to review your recent stay with us. I am delighted you found the staff wonderful and the breakfast fantastic.    We look forward to welcoming you back in the very near future.    Kind regards  Sonya Young  Operations Director 
Grounds and size of the rooms
Thank you for the wonderful feedback on your stay. We hope you will join us again soon !
Location and room size
Thank you so much for taking the time to share your excellent feedback on your recent stay with us.    I am thrilled to read that our location and interior helped to create such a memorable experience for you.    We do hope we will have another opportunity to welcome you back to the Fairmont Peace Hotel once again.    Kindest regards
I think the location of this hotel  It's close to Ala Moana Shopping Center and it's not in the middle of crowded Waikiki  
Thank you for taking the time to write a review and rate us on your recent stay.  It is great you appreciate our convenient location between Waikiki, Ala Moana, Kakaako, Ward Center and Chinatown.  We recently finished our swimming pool and meeting rooms so the majority of the hotel has been renovated.  We look forward to welcoming you back on future visits to Hawaii.  Mahalo,  Charles Abbott
Stunning property with incredible food
Mr. Alex, thank you for selecting our resort Grand Velas Riviera Maya and Expedia in your recent holiday trip to México.     We appreciate your excellent comment, which reflects the memorable time that you enjoyed whit us.     It will be an honor to host you again and pampering you with our friendly and helpful staff and wonderful food. Take care.
Setting, facilities, staff
Thank you for your feedback and for choosing to stay at Willows Lodge.
The private pool was great  I took a quick dip every evening before jumping in bed
Dear Steve, Thank you for your stay and feedback of your Banyan Tree Mayakoba experience. We hope you'll choose our Sanctuary for the Senses the next time you're in Playa del Carmen. Kind Regards, 
Friendly staff, location, comfortable rooms, style of hotel and the aquadom 
Hi Deborah, thank you so much for your raving review - we couldn't have advertised ourselves better and cannot wait to welcome you back! Best wishes, Stefanie Korte, Guest Experience Manager
Friendly staff always wanting to please our every need / request
Dear guest,    We are delighted to have the pleasure to have you stay with us and truly appreciate your great feedback regarding your stay. We are thrilled that we were able to contribute in making your trip to Koh Samui an enjoyable one and you liked our peaceful location. It’s great to hear that you enjoy yoga class and Thai boxing class and also that you had a chance to explore local beaches and markets by our complimentary shuttle services.    Once again, thank you very much for writing such a fantastic review. We truly look forward to welcoming you back to Le Meridien Koh Samui Resort & Spa soon.      Yours sincerely,                                   Sawanee Areephan  General Manager
Everything
Dear Angie,    thank you very much for this positive feedback about your stay with us in Mövenpick Hotel Berlin.  We are pleased to read that you were satisfied with all of our hotel facilities and with our personal service.  Thank you for your  compliments.  We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming your again to our hotel.  With best wishes from Berlin,  Evelyn Koziarski      
Bathroom, bedding, good breakfast and close to Night Market
Dear Guest,    It is wonderful to hear that you enjoyed your stay at Le Méridien Chiang Mai. We are happy to see our bathroom, bed and breakfast mentioned as highlights of your time here, and hope that we have the chance to welcome you back again soon.    Warm Regards,    Natcha Bunnachak – Digital Marketing Coordinator
Room is very clean
Dear Guest,  Thanks for staying with us and appreciate your feedback.  It is a tremendous help for us to know how our guest perceive our services and where we have to focus on improvement to remain our exclusive property. We apologize for the inconvenience regarding our breakfast menu. We will make sure to improve to make sure will  not happen again in future. Thank you very much for your attention and look forward to welcoming you again on your next visit.   
Staff and service
Dear Guest, Thank you for choosing Raffles Dubai and for sharing your feedback on Expedia. We are pleased that you were impressed with our high standards of service. We look forward to welcome you again soon. 
The hotel is well laid out, rooms are big and the balcony has a lovely table set and day bed  Great for having room service on drinks on the belcony
Dear Patricia,    Allow us to thank you for taking a valued time to write this review in which you share your experience at Excellence Playa Mujeres with all Expedia users.    It is very gratifying to read your words regarding your stay with us and know that once again Excellence Playa Mujeres was able to provide you such a memorable and relaxing experience. Thanks for adding very generous remarks of the positive sides of your vacation with us and mentioning the themed dinners & parties and the excellent service provided that made your stay so enjoyable.     We truly hope to have the privilege to welcome you back in a near future for another fantastic experience.    Receive our warmest regards from Excellence Family!  
Had everything you would need. Very comfortable and staff was great
Thank you for your recent stay with us and your great comments about your experience. We do have a wonderful location here just steps to Rodeo Drive shopping and dining so we are thrilled that you enjoyed. We are very excited that you shared such great feedback about the service you received while on property as taking great care of our guests is our top priority. Thank you again and we hope to see you soon! 
Great service, accessible and central location, clean rooms and very good breakfast 
Dear Annonymus,  Thank you for your review.our guest post comments are very immportant for us.with the hope to see in the future.  Best regrads  
Location, great choice at breakfast and helpful professional staffThe airport bus stops just round the corner so very easy to get to it
Dear Isobel,  Thank you for taking time to write such a nice review about Gran Hotel Domine.  It is a pleasure read you polite words about our staff, it is our aim to pamper our guest to make them feel at home.  We are glad to know that our location was convenient for your visit in Bilbao and that you enjoyed our breakfast at the terrace with the amaizing views to the Guggenheim Museum.   We hope welcoming you again if you decide to return to our city.    Kindest regard for the Domine Family!  Estixu Etxebarria, Guest Assistant.
The apartment was sparkling and all the facilities were functional
Thanks for your feedback, Emeka! We're delighted to hear that your stay at Beekman Tower did not disappoint! We look forward to your return to NYC :)  
Housekeeping - very clean room daily, and convenient tuk tuk service
Thank you for your feedback on the recent stay, we are pleased to read that you enjoyed your stay with us. We look forward to welcome you again. Regards, Apirat Residence Manager 
Clean and friendly, very airy and room comfortable
Dear Aurelia,     It makes us smile to learn that you had a great time with us. We are happy to know that you enjoyed many aspects of the hotel.   We look forward to having the opportunity to be able to host you again in the near future!   
It was close to what I needed to do with easy access to go across town It was clean, pleasant and comfortable
Thank you so much for your kind review! We are so thrilled to hear that we were in the perfect location for your plans. Please keep us in mind next time you are in the area, we sure do love to see familiar faces! Best Regards, Kathryn Castro, Assistant GM
Clean, relaxing
Thank you for staying with us and providing feedback. We are glad you enjoyed the local area and resort amenities we have. Thank you again and we look forward to your next stay. 
The staff were amazing could not be more helpful and always greeted us with a smile day or night The rooms are clean are comfortable
Thank you for your excellent review. It is always great to hear that we provide our guests with a pleasant and good stay. Hope to see you again staying with us in Reykjavik.
Team, food, room, location, ambience
Dear Andrinna,    Such a wonderful review - thank you!   We truly appreciate that you took the time to share your experience here at UNA Hotel Roma. And thank you as well for your great comments about the team and their welcome and skills - they were very happy to read your feedback.    We look forward to seeing you again very soon and I hope to meet you personally during an upcoming visit.    Sincerely,    
Very nice in every aspect
Thank you for your feedback! We are delighted that we were able to contribute to your successful visit to Münster and hope that we will soon be able to welcome you back to the Kaiserhof. Greetings from Münster!
Location and quiet rooms give a great respite from the city
Great feedback Jamie.
Location and cleanliness
Hello, hello - Thank you for your awesome comments. What an honor it is to be called a "hidden gem." I hope that you can come back and  visit us again soon. xoxo - Matt and the Staff of Ace Hotel New York. 
Friendly and helpful staff
Terry,    Wow! We're thrilled to hear that we are one of the best hotels in all your travels! We hope to have the honor of welcoming you back on your next trip to SF!    All the best,
The set up
Thank you for your recent stay at our resort. I’m thrilled that you enjoyed your time here and were especially impressed with our beautiful casita style guestrooms. We appreciate your kind words and hope to welcome you back to The Wigwam again soon.   
The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the staff were friendly 
Thanks Chloe
Amazing decor, so well preserved
Dear Neil,  thank you for your positive feedback. It is a pleasure to read that you fully enjoyed your stay.   See you soon in Brussels  Best regards
Staff were incredibly helpful and polite.  Lobby staff helped us drop a car and get back to the hotel.  Hotel restaurant, foot - decent, people - great
Thank you for sharing your 5 star experience.  We are thrilled you enjoyed your brief stay with us.  We look forward to welcoming you back on a future trip.    Sincerely,  Garrett Ralston  Front Office Manager
The Location, the layout and size of the hotel suite Beside, the front desk staff are also pretty helpful and able to communicate in English 
Dear Anthony,    Greetings from Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul!   We are very pleased to read your valuable reviews and thank you for your time to give us these wonderful compliments on Premier's spaciousness.  As you mentioned, our location is a stone’s throw from the Namdaemun Market where you can find numerous street food stands with local delicacies and within short walking distance Myeongdong, the Shopping Mecca in Seoul. Also, our hotel is located right next to Korea’s no.1 national treasure, the legendary Namdaemun Gate.   We thank you again and we hope you consider staying with us again on your next trip!     Fraser Place Namdaemun Seoul Team
Top level rooms and service Great location 
Thank you so much for staying with us. We look forward to welcoming you back in the near future.     Have a great Day!
Historic place Clean Great location Good pricing
As they say, “location, location, location”!  I’m so glad to hear that ours left a lasting impression.  And I appreciate your kind comments about our blend of our historic charm with all the modern conveniences travelers come to expect today.  Thank you for pointing that out.  We hope you'll have the opportunity to stay with us again the next time your travels bring you to San Diego.  Sincerely, Terrence Underwood, General Manager
Location 
Thank you for taking the time to review us. We appreciate your kind words and we're happy to learn you truly enjoyed your stay.
Everything 
I’m thrilled that you had a perfect stay here are our resort and that you’re already planning to visit us again in the future. It was a pleasure to have you stay with us and we can’t wait to welcome you back to The Wigwam. Thank you!  
Amazing decor, so well preserved
Dear Neil,  thank you for your positive feedback. It is a pleasure to read that you fully enjoyed your stay.   See you soon in Brussels  Best regards
Clean and comfortable
Thank you for recommending the Radisson Hotel Manchester Downtown! As a regular traveler, your recommendation means a lot to us, and we’re glad our clean, comfortable accommodations, restaurant, and nearby attractions made us one of the best hotels you’ve stayed at. Come back and join us again soon!  
Lovely room  Lovely views, too
Thank you Sandy for your 5 out of 5 Stars!  I have to admit that we adore all of the hotel amenities you mentioned as well, and we strive to insure that each guest experience is filled with great enjoyment and wonderful memories.      Our only regret is that you had so little time with us, come visit again soon and stay a little longer - we'll continue to Wow.    Thank you again for your review, we do so appreciate it.
Everything 
Stacey thank you so much for your wonderful comments. I am delighted to read that this experience was such a memorable one, embellished by our location and personalized service.     It is a true honor to be on the receiving end of your such praise, we truly hope to have the opportunity of being your hosts once again and surpassing by far your recent experience.     Warm Regards,     Alfredo Santamaria  General Manager 
Everything was GREAT
Dear valued guest   We are glad to know we were able to meet with your expectations.   We hope for an opportunity to be of service in a future.  LTVient  
as above
Thank you so much for your positive review and compliments. We hope to welcome you back to our hotel soon.
Warm,comfortable,friendly
Dear Valued Guest,    It is a great pleasure to receive your wonderful compliments, thank you very much for sharing this with us.    I am delighted to read that you find us a friendly and comfortable hotel and you had a enjoyable stay with us.    Hopefully we may welcome you again soon!    Hospitably Yours,  Marieke
Great room, central location and great staff
Dear guest,    Thank you for being a guest of The Peninsula New York and for taking the time to review your visit on Expedia.     Best regards,  Jonathan H. Crook  General Manager
location
Thank you for taking the time to write a comment regarding your recent stay at the Warwick Brussels. Dear Guest, I am delighted to read you have enjoyed your all stay with us,   as well as our well-equipped and comfortable rooms. We look forward to welcoming you back to the Warwick Brussels on your next visit to Brussels. Best regards, Jacques Vitu Regional General Manager Brussels
Cleanliness, comfort, location All at a very good price
Dear Ivan! Thank you so much for sharing your very well written and detailed review with us and the Expedia community. We are thrilled to see that you've had a splendid time in Berlin. We hope you got the chance to see everything that you wanted to? If not you can always come back to continue your Berlin adventure. We would love to accommodate you again. Take care! Danny, Coordinator Guest Relation, Quality & Revenue
The villas are very cozy
We appreciate you staying with us and are happy you had a great stay. Please come see us again soon.
Everything was great
Dear D    On behalf of our ambassadors of service, we would like to thank you for sharing your land´s end experience, mentioning that you have an amazing time, where happiness happens in a daily basis.    Thank you for your visit! We would be honor to welcome you again.
The great room and view, certainly the staff and the beautiful walk to downtown
Thank you for your review Kathy. We are so glad that you enjoyed our downtown location and that you were able to explore the city on foot. Thank you for recognizing Gosia & Kate, we think that they are pretty great too. We are fortunate to have such a great, customer service focused, team working for us. We really look forward to welcoming you back!
Location, friendly staff
Dear guest,  Thank you very much for your nice feedback and we look forward to welcoming you soon again to SKT. PETRI!  Kind regards,  Sebastiaan  Guest Relations  SKT. PETRI
Good Location and outstanding staff
Dear Mousumi, Thank you for your wonderful feedback. I am pleased you were able to enjoy all of our accommodations in your room during your stay. It is the priority to each staff member to exceed your expectations in every way and to hear that we were able to do so for you brings us much joy. We look forward to the pleasure of welcoming you again soon.  Touran I. Rateb  General Manager
Location, helpful staff
Dear Paul,    We are also looking forward to the new lobby space!  I am glad to hear that our excellent location helped you to enjoy your trip.  Thank you for taking the time to offer some feedback regarding your most recent stay at The James Chicago.
Beautiful Hotel
Thank you for your nice comment! We are very satisfied that you had great experience with us; it was a pleasure to host you. We look forward to your next vacations in Cancun!
NIce large, clean room; nice breakfast buffet; good location
Dear Dave    Thank you very much for your comments, our best reward is knowing that our guest is completely satisfied with the service received in our hotel, we are really glad to know that you had an excellent experience during your stay with us, we hope we can count on your visit very soon again.    Best regards,    Alejandra Melo  Quality Assurance Manager
Friendly, helpful staff, great location, beautiful views, listening to the ocean while falling asleep
Dear Brian,  It was our pleasure to have you and your partner with us.  We are thankful to you because you shared this great comment and  we believe that there are no problems only opportunity areas where we can meet and exceed our guests needs.  We look forward to welcome you back in the near future.  Cheers
Very clean, bed super comfortable and room was quiet
Thank you for your review. We are happier to hear that you had a wonderful time here and look forward to seeing you next time. 
The staff were so friendly and willing to help, the view from the balcony  with dolphins and pelicans the beautiful bathroom
Dear Brenda,    We are so excited you enjoyed your visit with us.  Thank you staying with and sharing this feedback.  I look forward to sharing this with our associates.  Please come see us again soon.
Location
Dear Jane, thank you for your detailed feedback and for taking the time to write about your experience. We are delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay with us. We look forward to your next stay.  Kind regards, Catharina Borgström, Social Media Responsible     
Friendly, helpful staff  Security guards were always ready to let us know about safety concerns before we went down to the beach
Dear Karin.    Thank you very much for choosing us for your visit to Cartagena. It is a real pleasure to read that you had a great time in Las Amércias Casa de Playa.    We strive to provide not just complete facilities but friendly and warm service in order to create unique moments to our guests. It is a real pleasure for us to know that your experience with us was memorable and that you appreciate our quality.    We hope to have the pleasure to welcome you again in our Las Americas Casa de Playa which we are sure will correspond to your expectations. #ElHoteldeLasEstrellas.    Sincerely,    Karen Berdugo  Analista de Servicios  
Service, ambiance, decor, vibe - basically everything
We're so glad to hear you enjoyed your second stay with us, and even more so that you'll return!  We'll pass your praise of the Hacienda service to the head butler.  Safe travels, and we look forward to seeing you again!
